thank you, i would like to make a 50 dollar donation but first.	5
good day...	9
are you interested?	9
congratulations to them.	9
really gets the public's interest.	9
is it a charity that you are interested in?	9
yes i have.	9
again not my issue	7
what can we do to help?	9
is there a website where i can donate?	5
i spend a lot of time in the shelter for them too.	9
well tell me a little bit more about the charity.	5
i wonder what the member recommendation is for st jude	9
thank you. you too	9
i understand that, and you guys raise money here on this site?	9
can you tell me about it?	5
is this donation a one-time thing?	5
yes, that is good with me.	9
i hope you are well.	9
on what foundation can i sponsor?	5
that's awesome you have been to other countries. i don't mind helping at all.	9
save the children has not convinced me they can work towards accomplishing those tasks.	4
yes, i am okay with that.	9
this is nice.	9
how are you today?	9
i'd rather contribute my donation locally.	2
i want to thank you again for bringing awareness to this important charity.	9
yes, very often	9
yes, it's so heartbreaking1	9
besides donating and raising awareness, is there any other way i can help save the children?	2
same thanks for the advice have a good one keep spreading love	9
well that is good.	9
i have no problem donating the entire $2, and i agree, every bit does help!	9
there are no laws preventing them from lying, but i guess perception is reality too you.	0
does 100% go to the effort directly or does any of the monies go to employees like the director of the charity ect?	5
at the same time as a parent i would want the best possible future for my children and i know fiercly that i would do everything in my power to make sure they were in a safe place.	2
i can spare $25.	9
do you know on average how much money the charity makes per year?	5
no, i didn't know that they are helping children near to us.	9
i am proud to be apart of helping them help others	9
115 usd to the charity	9
i haven't.	9
what a great charity, is there anything i can do to help?	9
hello	9
more as where are the majority of the fund headed towards right now/	5
do you donate money?	9
well, i don't have much money right now.	3
you are so welcome.	9
in what way does it support children?	5
i definitely will check it out.	8
have a great day!	9
how long has stc been around?	5
i would donate $10 to this charity	9
do i make a monthly donation?	5
i will plan to donate 50 cents to charity	9
then in the future, i can donate more.	9
what about you?	7
believe me, if it were any charity besides "save the children," you could have me donate my entire compensation, which isn\'t really all that much.	4
thank you, you too!	9
no $5 to spend us	9
what about you?	9
save the children international's ceo helle thorning-schmidt earned $299,136 in 2017.	9
how do i know this charity is legit?	4
i think it's very important to donate to charities.	9
i can do $2.00!	9
thats program services not to the kids themselves.	4
i don't eat candy.	0
this is so true.	9
i would like to donate $5 monthly.	9
i do what i can in my own community and the town comes together this time of year to make sure each child has school supplies.	9
yes it is hard to tell whose interests really lie in the movement they promote.	4
good for them.	9
is that correct?	9
thanks.	9
i think it's important to help children from our country and also others.	2
thank you for your time, and for the opportunity.	9
yes, i am sure you get a lot of storms.	9
a dollar?	9
i think the charity sounds pretty good.	9
the kids dying is really disturbing.	9
i will definitely do that.	9
i am really interested.	9
that's good to know.	9
okay.	9
i will are you going to help	9
i do not.	9
how do you know the money actually gets to where it needs to go?	4
lol	9
glad i was in a position where i was able to help	9
how much of the money is put to work?	5
agreed.	9
what is it abuot?	5
or do they operate primarily in america?	5
perfect.	9
everyone should share 5$ or more?	9
i haven't.	9
i also take in children that would other wise go without.	9
i could definitely do that.	9
i look forward to working with save the children	9
that is impressive.	9
no problem.	9
do they help lots of kids	5
yes, definitely.	9
i don't personally i have a niece, and lots of cousins	9
i don't have a lot of income to donate to charity :(	3
clothing?	5
seems like a great cause!	9
we could either donate money or our time.	9
i have heard of save the children fund.	9
that sounds good	9
thats good children deserve it	9
are the children in need all across the world?	5
yes, i just want to make sure that you read properly that i'm giving 0.1 not 0.01.	9
i sponsor a poor child in india every month for $40.	2
i appreciate you informing about this but i'll be donsting at a later time	8
do they help adults?	5
i'm super broke right now	3
of course i would, its the least i could do to help the children in the world.	9
i think donating to this cause would def be a step in the right direction to hopefully helping across the world the children that are in dispair.	9
yeah, horrible huh?	9
ok, and if i choose to donate from my payment it will go to save the children?	9
what is the name of the organization?	9
of course i do.	9
i think i'd be willing to donate about 25 cents	9
ill donate $1	9
yes, and i am sure they will appreciate and need it.	9
no i don't have any other questions.	9
i am already making a difference in many children lives.	2
looking forward chatting with you too.	9
yes i am very much sure.	9
i understand that people have to get paid for what they do, but they shouldn't be making an extravagant amount of money.	4
yes, absolutely.	9
i am doing good.	9
hi!	9
yes everything is high priced	9
i figure that i wasn't expecting it to begin with so better to do some good however much.	9
do you work for them?	5
that's the goal, for sure.	9
it doesn't seem fair that some kids are born into bad situations through no fault of their own.	9
yes that is an amount i feel comfortable with.	9
that's great maybe we could both donate to them	9
this i can do, but i was thinking about actual helping.	9
thank you sir.	9
one cent then i can	9
i not sure, how many children are in need of a donation?	5
i donate every six months	9
i will defiantly be donating at the first of september though.	8
are there any good charities that are helping on this issue?	5
save the children sounds like a good charity to me as well.	9
i have not.	9
i donate a lot of money to battered wives and their children.	9
no, but i will definitely donate within next two months	8
what are the amounts i can pick from?	9
i am sceptical of many of them but if you recommend save the children and i know that st judd's is trustworthy, then that's where my money will go today	9
pretty good, you?	9
hi, i'm doing great! how are you?	9
how about you?	9
yes, i do	9
i donated 1000 dollars to them.	2
i'm pretty poor.	3
they are the weak ones in my eyes.	9
i see.	9
what are some of the things that they do for the children?	5
yes.	9
what does save the children do?	5
ok thanks.	9
i do not have children of my own and am not able to have them.	9
that\'s the only reason i\'m still here.	9
what are they about?	5
awesome, good chat!	9
you're welcome!	9
i understand this and have supported unbound a similar charity for years.	2
good luck to you	9
jude's hospital in memphis, tn is an amazing children's charity	9
this allows doctors to go to other countries?	5
have a great day	9
i'd like to donate $0.50	9
do you know what kind of services they will provide with the money?	5
hi there.	9
where is this organization based?	5
that sounds like a good organization.	9
i also send him little care packages every so often.	9
yes, i would donate some of my payment to help save children.	9
i wish you all luck in that.	9
i am still not 100% confident this isn't a scam as it is all done via the computer and not face to face.	4
and specifically, where does that money go towards?	5
sure, i would like to help.	9
many of them lives on a war zone	9
ive had a few of the charity hits.	2
every month i always try to donate a little to charity	2
thanks you too	9
wow, i was just going to ask you the same thing.	9
i agree, this is a good cause.	9
which charity would that be?	9
i think i would be willing to donate a portion.	9
the work you do is important.	9
yes, i would like to hear more.	9
can i confirm that you would also like to donate 5% of yours?	9
i've heard of poorly run charities that misuse the donations.	4
great talking with you.	9
maybe you could tell me more about this charity	9
i think red cross does a broad array of services	9
education?	5
how do we end this task?	9
okay, i would definitely donate to them!	9
i will do $10 to both.	9
no, i have never hear of it	9
i hope you will also donate to make a wish.	9
i will have to take a look at the website.	8
do you know if this is tax deductible?	9
but do you really trust the charities that you give to?	4
oh cool.	9
thank you for your donation!	9
that is a good charity it makes me happy to donate	9
really?	9
i don't waste much money on that type of stuff.	9
thank you for telling me about this organization	9
i wish i could help all the children in the world.	9
that's great!	9
that seems worthwhile.	9
excellent.	9
that was going to be my next question about if this charity helps kids in the us.	5
how involved are you in the organization?	9
i've been looking at the save the children website so i will likely buy off the catalog, like emergency food.	9
really?	9
i'm great!	9
how long has this charity been around?	5
hi, yes i am	9
hello	9
how does this work?	9
i may do that.	6
okey.	9
if everyone puts in there fair share then save the children would be even bigger, could you imagine how much children could be saved or help,or both	9
this is true.	9
oh wow.	9
do you make donations on line or mail it in?	9
no i havent	9
yes i have, but i don't know a lot about it.	9
well maybe you could donate to my child.	7
yes those children need	9
hello, do you have any charities in mind that you support?	9
i think i can definitely afford $1 a day.	9
i'm going to donate half .10 - so i can feed a child for a day	9
but, i choose my own charities independently.	2
i'm really sorry.	9
how much are you looking for?	9
i'm not sure.	6
i see so does the money go for food, shelter, medical support those kinds of things?	5
tell me as much as you can about the organization.	5
yes.	9
it is very kind of you.please spread the word on your family and friends	9
yes, i like to help whenever i can when it comes to children.	9
is there any way that i could donate less than a dollar?	9
when was this charity started?	5
honestly < do not think so.	3
well how do i make a donation to them?	5
thank you for introducing me to another great charity that is trying to do good work.	9
you too.	9
oh okay.	9
no i didn't know that.	9
tell me more.	9
i haven't heard of this one?	9
ok good to know.	9
hang on though.	9
no its not.	9
that is awesome that your friend does that!	9
exactly.	9
are they a non profit organization?	5
also, i have another question for you if you have a minute.	9
about the children's charity	9
bye now.	9
what is the charity?	5
good, so what's up?	9
okay.	9
yes, and then most are willing to provide proof that they actually donated money, so that is good.	9
i agree, save the children foundation work with the children through out their lives to make sure they grow up in a safe environment and get a chance to succeed based on their website.	9
it depends on the way they see it.	9
what kind of children does it help?	5
how do we know that our donation is reaching those in need?	4
they really doing a great job..	9
there is a good time and place for vaccines.	9
i admire your effort reaching to people to help the charity.	9
how can i help?	9
at this time i can't donate any amount.	1
yeah, i think mostly everyone has, i think charities are mostly good but i don't know that they always accomplis all they could well, with expenses and all	4
what kind of aid do they give?	5
no, i need to though!	9
thank you and i do not want to be rude but i am straight talking person	9
yes its really appreciated	9
i could spread out donations.	9
i'm aware of how to donate and how easy it is.	9
that is fantastic to hear!!	9
you sure can	9
that is convenient!!!	9
so what would i do if i wanted to help these kids?	9
great, i'm glad we're helping a little.	9
and giving a donation is an ethical choice.	9
are you donating to them?	9
oh - well since it'll be deducted from my task payment - let's do half - $1	3
same here.	9
sounds good.	9
thanks for sharing.	9
i am not aware of that.	9
yes, i've heard that before.	9
i like them because they are very transparent about where the money is going.	9
how do i trust the organiation?	5
that's so horrible.	9
what country is in the most need right now?	5
thanks for the info, guess i am skeptical.	9
we can see our happiness on other faces while helping for them	9
we helping a person to better their life this is what we humans do	9
i think it would in many places	9
sometimes i'm cautious of donating, just because i want to know that they're making the difference that they saw they are.	6
what can you tell me about it?	9
that way, you know what the money is being used for.	4
good how about you?	9
i do like to donate to charities and this one sounds good because i want to help children but how do i know they are legit?	4
it is been enlightning!	9
thank you for your guidance.	9
north carolina, i've been to florida once, it's nice.	9
very true. $5 it is. at least we are giving something. most people wouldn't.	7
i think i would be interested in the child sponsorship.	2
i'll give 5 cents.	9
yes!	9
but it's been mostly local church related activities.	9
oh that is really a great idea.	9
yes i have.	9
good, how are you?	9
i have no idea, maybe after we have 10 chat turns each	9
yes, surely there is a good charity that can help children.	9
yes i would be honored to.	9
am i able to communicate with the child?	9
really it is pleased to hear this who s taking care of this charity?	5
chicago.	9
that makes sense.	9
that seems like a really noble cause.	9
i'm doing very well.	9
can you tell me more about what they do?	5
at the moment i would have to say 0 because i don't know to much about the charity...sorry	7
how are you?	9
i think i would rather donate to a childrens charity that takes care of american children.	9
it sounds like my money won't be used to directly help the children.	4
ugh yeah, i've seen that, you sit there waiting forever for someone to type two words haha	9
thanks, same to you.	9
i am not sure	8
yes, i do.	9
ok, well use your passion for the cause to speak nicely to people and educate them on why its important	9
i hope you enjoy!	9
i think so, it sounds familiar.	9
i would definitely donate because i often donate to charities	9
there are always things in my community that i attend and donate as much as i can and donate my time as well at the local salvation army.	2
great, yeah i think we can	9
i bet it's especially good around christmas when people are in the spirit of giving.	9
does the charity send updates on how the child is doing if i sponsor?	5
complete surveys.	9
thank you for donating your time to the cause.	9
yes.	9
this is a perfect charity organization , they do all kind of things to help others around the world.	9
i am good.	9
yes i would	9
wow that sounds like a problem	9
hi!	9
i hope the same for you also!	9
i'll donate but not that much	9
this time i like to do 0.50 since i also know that the charity is legitimate.	9
that's good of you to donate.	9
i would like to help in the future when i am more financially stable.	3
horrible, i know.....	9
i am spending my time completing it so i am being paid for a job.	3
weell that sounds like a lovely charity.	9
i think so.	9
maybe ten dollars i can do.	9
to think about all the needs that a child in need at this moment is helping, and to think that this may be their child	9
i have not!	9
awareness is less than the more countries so they need some help	9
thank you so much for offering your help for childrens' donation	9
can't ever imagine hurting kids	9
i know i would like to help them with 5 dollars	9
have you gone to a charity rating site to check on it?	9
they sound like they are a legitimate organization.	9
you will as well for all the hard work you're putting towards this magnificent charity.	9
no, i have not.	9
i make money as a musician so basically i don't make money.	3
he even made it through college.	9
in many places, living expenses are very expensive so they may or may not be able to.	9
as a current nursing student, my goal is to become a neonatal nurse or pediatric nurse.	9
how are you?	9
good morning, how are you?	9
thought this was hypothetical.	9
children deserve to be in a safe place and to feel secure.	9
and you?	9
so what exactly do they do to help these kids to reunite with their parents?	5
i would love to donate .30 for sure	9
hi tommy i'm cassidy.	9
sure, what's the website?	5
i think i will donate one cent.	9
i may want to volunteer my time as well instead of just money.	9
i tried to give him my food but it was too late	9
how long has the organization been around?	5
do i get updates on a specific child if i donate monthly?	5
does it work by sponsoring a specific child who you get to know or does everything run through the organization?	5
yeah, 50 cents isn't too bad.	9
i'm proud of us.	9
are you looking for a donation for the charity?	9
i would possibly be interested!	9
i really love helping people	9
i probably will.	9
not that, there are many needs in the world and this is a good cause	9
same to you!	9
but we can't help them directly.	9
do i have a choice of how much to donate?	9
there is no other children charity ?	7
ok i'll check it out.	9
i guess i am naive and like to live in ignorance where it is bliss.	9
i would like to donate .05 cents	9
about thousand dollars at least	9
what do you do for a living?	9
i would perhaps be interested can you tell me more a bout it	5
to save the children where?	5
i suppose even with the economy being as hard as it is, exchange rates are still good enough to make a real impact.	9
i haven't counted but we must be very close.	9
what organizations do you donate to?	7
i'm great, how are you?	9
yes, i support a few causes that i personally believe in very much.	9
that is awesome but i need the money so i can't afford to give right now.	3
i think everyone kind of forgot that those affected still need help	9
what do you know about it?	5
good luck to you!	9
no, i don't think i have ever heard of that organization.	9
those who are really trying to do "good" for others will be more than happy to show proof of where donations are going or at least letting one know how those donations will be put to use.	4
i will definitely be making the donation.	9
i would, i usually donate some portion of my winnings when it's a children's charity.	9
yes, as soon as i get enough money	8
it makes me very sad!	9
thats good, i see they are ready to help out with the hurricane in hawaii for the kids.	9
i do believe you are human based on the conversation.	9
it's a charity, right?	9
what type of help do you provide to those poor families?	5
i actually really need the money that i am making from this hit, so i would only like to donate 20 cents	3
where is the money going?	5
you?	9
i'm guessing a lot more than me.	3
make a wish foundation is a good one, have you heard of them?	9
how much will you be donating?	9
yes i am,	9
ok nice.	9
i think it has to do with helping sick children.	9
then unfortunately, i cannot give any money	1
it's hard to come up with a bunch of conversation about charity.	9
i could maybe do less as well?	9
i don't have much money at all.	3
yeah i am interested to hear more.	9
i also have a child, so i understand where you're coming from.	9
that'd be fantastic!	9
i guess so	9
in all 50 states?	5
there are so many childrens charities like kaboom, they build updated playgrounds for kids with disabilities.	9
sure, i'd love to hear about it	9
thank you for taking the time to introduce me to this charity!	9
ok thank alot	9
ok great-who is the research team?	9
you.	9
is save the children backed by any religious organizations?	5
how do you feel?	9
i'll donate right away.	9
yes, i would be happy to!	9
alright that's cool so how does this charity take its donations.	5
i will agree to donate $0.15 then.	9
that's awful.	9
i have a passion for children.	9
i donate to a dog charity also!	9
you're welcome.	9
i'd be willing to donate $1 to save the children.	9
i'm doing well, thanks!	9
i would like to give 100% of the task payment.	9
without a doubt, every kid on this planet deserves the best.	9
awesome, thank you so much	9
maybe i will do	6
infomercials don't impress me.	4
great job!	9
i do like to look and see what the overhead is of the charities to see that the ceoâ€s aren't being overpaid	9
what countries do they provide service to?	5
you could also mention their rating from the bbb.	9
how am i charged for donations?	5
how much of a donation would one have to make to feed a family for a week?	9
hi, i'm great, how are you?	9
could you tell me about it?	9
i hear ya!	9
yes i believe i will donate.	8
hi	9
it is an ngo, yes ofcourse many times i have considered to donate them as per my ability	9
you make me feel sad :( it hurts me to see the picture of the children, i want to donate everything	9
i hope everyone does.	9
i think it is a genuine organization who uses it's fundraising donations in the right way.	9
how many years has save the children been doing charity work?	5
if half the people in the world just donated 10 cents to such charities, then we would raise a lot of money.	7
i work with doctors without borders too, glad there are multiple players in the region to help!	2
how much is a good donation?	9
oh that's great!	9
yes, i would to a good childrens cause	9
i'm glad you are fighting for a cause to help others.	9
i do not feel guilty, did you donate?	7
we should donate money then.	9
how much should we donate?	9
how about yourself?	9
that is such a great cause	9
how would i do it now	9
i'm not sure yet, maybe 5 cents	9
oh wow, that sounds important	9
so, do we need to chat back and forth a few for times for this to be over?	9
the exchange rate must be pretty good.	0
the donations to heal and help with health issues is very crucial	9
i completely agree!	9
i've been approached by people on the street.	9
thats amazing.	9
i'm not doing half i'm doing a third.	9
i've been working really hard to save every dollar that i can to make sure i can pay my bills.	3
yeah - that would be great.	9
that sounds like a great cause.	9
i actually have not.	9
what is the organization ?	5
you are welcome.	9
what countries have they been able to help?	5
i hope that it makes a difference!	9
what amount would help out?	9
maybe it is a blind trust but there's really no way to know for sure if they use the money correctly unless you are the person handling the money.	9
i'll give 0.1 today	9
go ahead	9
it sounds like a good charity.	9
bye	9
like our animal shelter, a low income housing group, foster care organziations, etc	9
well, that's a noble cause don't you think	9
how much of my donation goes to the kids	5
i agree.	9
it's so important that there is a organization looking out for children.	9
which countries do they work in?	5
we work for everything that we have.	3
i am not working.	9
sure i can donate but what is the game?	9
i'm sure they do a lot of nice work.	9
hi, i'm in hawaii!	9
i adopted one years ago and she is the best.	9
how are you doing?	9
because i like children	9
i agree.	9
i think i have	9
well yeah that's why im giving them the dollar?	6
what was life like for you growing up?	9
yeah, you're welcome.	9
thank you so much for your time and the effort you are putting towards this very reputable charity!!	9
there are so many so called charities that keep almost all of the donated funds and only a few pennies of each dollar actually go towards the need.	4
that is a good way to think about it.	9
who do they help	5
hello.	9
oh ok.	9
wow that sounds like a really robust program.	9
as you can tell, it's something i'm very concerned about!	9
how much would you donate if given the chance to help a childrens charity?	7
i wonder sometimes how much of the actual money that gets donated goes to helping people and not into the pockets of those running the charity.	4
i do for boys & girls clubs of america	9
huh, that's awesome.	9
i'm glad to help	9
half of whatever i am going to get paid for this task	9
yes i know.	9
i'm alright and you?	9
i would be willing to donate my time and perhaps some money.	9
thank you.	9
i am just very concerned for the children.	9
hi how are you doing today?	9
can i donate $30 a month?	9
how about you do you have a favorite charity?	9
those children need your help.	9
yes i am, thank you for asking.	9
i'll look into the website and likely donate $5.	8
is it about the civil war in syria?	5
yes, i definitely agree... how can i help?	9
gotcha!	9
it doesnt include extras that all ceo's receive.	4
i hope they allow for pen pals as well.	9
lots of celebrities get involved.	9
absolutely i will support them.	9
i've heard a little bit about it but don't know too much.	9
thank you!	9
i know.	9
have you made a donation to this organization before?	9
it has been a pleasure talking with you!	9
i think they are important; and there are several focusing on distinct issues.	9
some what i familiar with charity.	9
yes, it will be nice to know that i was able to give to them.	9
yes i have 2	9
i am trying to understand how it is decided what child in need gets the help.	5
have a great day too	9
i have a dachsund/pit mix named tuttle.	9
do you donate money only?	7
i totally agree.	9
that sound great but you know my biggest concern with making donations to charities is always the question of just how much of the money i give actually reaches to the intended people.	5
thinking about starving children makes me so sad.	9
30 dollars a month can change a child's life	9
at least you're doing some good, though.	9
okay i will donate $1	9
how can someone get involved and help out with this charity?	5
i think i'm ok.	1
have you ever thought about the benefits from the donations?	5
what kinds of things do children's charities do?	5
a one time donation would be best.	2
i moved to the us and things are much better now	9
i woiwo be willing to donate $2	9
how are they rated as a charity?	5
not too many charities can claim such a strong commitment to the cause.	9
how can i donate?	9
ok.	9
i usually donate to animal charities.	2
i want to help the children irrespective of their color and creed.	9
do you donate to this charity?	9
yea, ive came across it a few times on different internet ads.	9
hello, same!	9
i'm glad to hear that.	9
only in name.	9
i think 0.50 cents is a perfect amount to donate.	9
i hope you're able to raise a lot of donations.	9
one thing that people would look upon is proof of legitimacy.	9
we are here to talk about a childrens charity.	9
that sounds great, what countries do they help children in?	5
this will impact my decision on how much to give.	5
can you tell me more?	9
oh my!	9
it's easy to just live in your own world and not think about the horrible things in the world.	9
most people (unlike me) seem to like children so those charities don't have any trouble.	2
what are the amounts to donate?	9
do you work for them or have you donated with them before?	9
that would be a charity i would donate too for sure.	9
i will look into it for sure and make a donation.	9
how do i make the donation?	5
i feel that 20 cents is adequate for the donation.	9
i would want to do some research first but that would be a possibility.	8
okey.	9
i may be interested.	9
where does the other percentage of donations go?	5
i'll donate .50.	9
no	9
i mean, a penny is nothing in the grand scheme of things.	9
have they raised a lot so far?	9
it is very happy day	9
i don't know yet.	9
yes i am are you?	9
although obviously i think those charities are important and relevant even to me	9
oh yeah, i donate to world vision, its the best for kids	2
i believe it!	9
did they provide housing for kids that went against their culture beliefs?	5
are you planning to donate?	7
$0.10-can you see this?	9
this sounds really good!	9
credit card? cash?	9
it is a beautiful morning where i am at.	9
how much % of the money that goes to the charity is overhead that will be absorbed and not given to children?	5
oh sure, i didnt know i could send that amount.	9
i think i would like to see my donation go towards medical care.	9
god bless!	9
however, i think i'll opt for a one time 0.05 donation instead.	9
i'm still not sure.	6
i am reviewing the site right now.	9
i think it's because there are more people who have experienced injustice or have been hurt by inequality.	9
i am alway happy to help	9
no i haven't.	9
its extremely sad.	9
i may consider a donation.	9
absolutely.	9
is there anything else i need to do?	9
i can not imagine food or clothing being a luxury.	9
great - so how does the donation process work?	5
i'm listening	9
how much do they recommend you donate?	9
those who believe in the gift of giving and are generous regardless of the price then a small donation could count as much as a $100 donation could.	9
that sounds like a worthwhile cause.	9
oh wow, that's really heart moving, it's sounds like a lovely organization	9
definitely.	9
i'm very sorry i can't donate more tonight.	1
how long have you been involved?	5
if you could donate some money today, how much would you donate?	7
thank you so much!	9
hi	9
i mostly deal with friend and other persons	9
i have heard about it.	9
where are the children from?	5
i do like but have not volunteered them, but if i get a chance i try to do	9
can i donate my time instead?	2
i see, well, i'd love to do that then	9
i didn't really do that much last week, but it was still relaxing.	9
nice, i hope it's not too warm this weekend	9
helping children abroad is on my bucket list.	9
sound good.	9
i've heard good things about save the children.	9
hi, how are you?	9
i would love to donate for childrens' cause	9
ok if you need means you take that amount.	9
right on so i will give $0.15:)	9
where was it locate	5
that's good because hurricanes have devastating effects.	9
currently i do not donate to charities.	2
i have heard of them, but have not looked into what they do.	9
i've heard of them.	9
that is very true.	9
if there is one i support it would definately be this one.	9
if i did have extra money, i would probably donate to st jude's.	2
thats good to hear.	9
how are you?	9
i did only charity walks and rare to take the donations	9
thanks, especially syria children affect more so i really worried about his future.	9
it really sounds like a blessing!	9
i agree, it has been very nice chatting with you and i hope you have a great day.	9
yes.	9
do you have any kids?	9
that sounds interesting.	9
do they help our children in the us as well?	5
so have you ever considered donating to a charity for kids	9
good luck with your charity	9
are you willing to match my 10 cent donation to save the children	9
and the fact that not much of the donation actually get to the "cause".	4
yes that is a common way.	9
i have to take care of my disable family member and i really can't afford it.	3
hi	9
the description said earn up to $2, so i'll donate $0.85, which is half of whatever the maximum bonus seems to be.	9
i am ready to donate today and would like to know an acceptable donation.	9
at least i try.	9
children should not have to do through so much tragedy and devastation at such young ages. it is great that others are looking out for them.	9
i will look in to donating my time locally, thank you!	8
does the irs recognize it as a nonprofit?	5
i would if i had at least $200 in my bank account.	3
how much of the donation will actually be used to help the children?	5
i would like to go to some of the countries and help in person too.	9
i am glad i found a charity i can support.	9
i hope it wsn't a waste of your time.	9
thank you very much.	9
thats true to help them	9
yes i know that is a good charity foundation, they help the children.	9
yes you can	9
glad to help.	9
i might.	6
that's great!	9
enjoy they walk, i hope it isn't too hot like here.	9
sounds amazing.	9
thank you for your generosity!	9
i recognize it too.	9
i only like to donate to reputable organizations, i am familiar with save the children, they often advertise.	2
sure, please tell me about the organization	9
yes.i am sure you can do more.there might be things you can cut from your budget	9
i have not made a donation recently.	9
what is the percentage of donations that go for administrative costs?	5
ditto for their problems with the energy company in 2013.	4
i feel like a lot of charities squander the money and don't actually use all the donations for what is promised.	4
i actually did but never had a chance to do so	9
any organization who promotes rights for those who don't have the platform to speak up is a wonderful charity.	9
if did they amount was 0..	9
i still haven't decided for sure though.	6
what a worthwhile cause!	9
you are welcome.	9
paypal is usually my choice.	9
yes but that is a private issue between me and me, not you and me.	9
i will too.	9
i have donated 15 years of my life to charity	2
what about big brother, big sister, they are very much in need of donations	7
i used to tutor kids in my spare time in college.	9
great!	9
okay, that is good to know.	9
i am donating .30 cents for your organization.	9
that is so sad do you work for the foundation?	9
i will donate 0.10 today	9
well, don't feel bad.	9
sure, tell me more about a potential child this money would help.	9
yes, i definitely understand you.	9
i definitely agree with that.	9
but i think more rich people should come forward to establish such children's charity	7
ok what can i help with that	9
i can $1 today	9
i have never meet anyone who has been aided by that organization.	4
what do you like about them?	5
every now and then i volunteer within my community.	9
yeah, it is really heartbreaking.	9
your very welcome	9
thank you "person_1"	9
how often are you able to do that?	9
i like to help people that are close to home.	2
what is the name of the organization?	9
i hope you still have a good week!	9
i do what i can to give back.	9
good how are you?	9
i haven't	9
yes its such a sad thing to see happen myself and family are very kind hearted and feel for all the people around the world who are suffering from this , and would love to make a change and to help .	9
no problem!	9
i was wondering the same thing.	9
i like the fact that it's an international organization.	9
if i have money i try to donate to charities that i like.	3
i feel the happiest man in the world when i donate some help if she is, i feel very good when my help is happening to people	9
ah ok very nice.	9
they work in 120 countries already	9
it would feed a child for almost 3 days.	9
time and money donations are really two important aspects for charities.	9
i think about the little face i saw and since it was so long ago, i wonder if each and every one is okay -- still alive.	9
please explain to me in detail	9
same here!	9
sounds interesting but can you be a bit more specific?	9
no, i not donated	9
oh ok i'm sorry i have read wrong, if i would be willing to donate with pleasure is a good cause	9
but, i do not work and i seldom donate due to the needs of our family.	3
i'm currently receiving food stamps so i don't buy candy and unnecessary stuff.	0
i will have to read up more about the organization before i just give my money up because there is fake charities in the world	4
i am so happy i can help.	9
i am fine how are you?	9
do you donate/participate in any way to that charity?	7
we will donate .10 and hopefully that will make a difference.	9
i do like childrens healthcare of atlanta as a charity.	2
thank you for telling me about this organization.	9
i dont know much about this charity....what else can you tell me about it	5
however i am not getting a reward from this hit.	9
how many children do they help annually?	5
i dont like it either but we cant do nothing about it.	9
hi there!	9
i live in a very rural area, people in my town are extremely poor and it still amazes me how they will take what little they have and take care of each other.	9
yea what do you got?	9
i would like to donate 10 cents from this task to save the children please.	9
i want to help out as much as i can.	9
i've been thinking of donating to charity, but i could never find the right one.	2
i would love to help them a little bit (as per my ability), it will also helpful for those children to have a better life than the others.	9
like only 50% of your donation actually helps children.	4
do you usually donate?	9
it still does not change the fact that i am not going to make a donation with this money.	1
yes of course	9
we sponsor a child in el salvador, we have been going it a number of years.	9
they didn't choose that life.	9
sounds like great work.	9
very rarely do i spend money on unnecessary things, money is that tight.	3
i would like to donate $.50	9
it is very refreshing to see.	9
yes.	9
they need the best shot and thats up to us to give.	9
will you also give some money today?	7
such as?	5
do you participate in any local children's charities?	9
what about you?	7
thanks for talking me thru this today!	9
i think it is very important to help children that are less fortunate.	9
yes, but i donated about 0.20 cents.	9
i work with my local goverment in policy development and people like you really make a great impression on the policy that is created.	2
yeah, i can do that.	9
is there a minimum to donate?	9
i don't want to donate a dollar, but would consider donating something less.	9
oh, that's great!	9
it's really cool.	9
yes, i'm not sure either, but it just kills me to know there are ids suffering.	9
what is the other nonprofit that you support?	9
i believe world vision is rated highly as well.	9
i'll gladly give all of my payment.	9
i hope the money donated goes directly to them and not in the pockets of those running the organization.	9
i feel like i need to do something like that	9
do you have personal experience?	9
yeah that means they need to develop a good marketing strategy to attract more attention	9
goodnight!	9
the operation has risks	0
go ahead :)	9
yes i am.	9
wow, that is amazing.	9
of course, it will be great for all around, my daughter to see that she should do things like this out of kindness and for the children , thank you	9
what is the website for save the children?	5
yes, i've heard of it.	9
that is freat!!	9
i'm great.	9
yes i didnt think that it would be this easy thats amazing	9
how are you doing?	9
i would.	9
especially those who are very wealthy themselves and don't care to make a difference	9
i agree, how frequently do you donate?	9
that's funny that you mention that.	9
that sounds awesome.	9
i believe my money should first focus on children in need in this country.	7
i like the sound of their work, but i'm always suspicious about how much of a donation reaches the people in need.	9
i got it.	9
no.	9
sure.	9
in which countries do they serve?	5
how are you?	9
you have my attention, however this hit is running very long for 2 bucks already.	9
i love children and think it's incredibly important to help ensure they are educated, in safe conditions and are healthy.	9
i have been following politics and things are going crazy.	9
thank you also.	9
thanks for your time too.	9
how much should i give?	9
i'd prefer a secure food donation that directly transports to the areas the children live in instead of handing over to government officials.	2
i am all for helping children in any way possible.	9
do how much are you donating	7
as a parent you want to do all you can for them.	9
$1.50 sounds good then.	9
thanks.	9
i'm all for improving conditions for children in developing countries, but i don't really want money paying for evangelizing.	2
it's sad to think being born in the wrong conditions can have such a lifelong impact.	9
that's amazing!	9
i have to respectfully question the necessity -- don't my taxes already go towards billions of dollars of foreign aid?	7
what is the average donation amount that most donors contribute at one time?	5
good to know.	9
ok$1 it is	9
i have not, but there are other charities i like to participate in	2
sure, what amount is a smaller pledge?	9
sure!	9
so children's charity then...	9
usually thats how you persuade ppl to donate.	5
yes i do	9
i'd like to see how the money is dispersed in the company	8
both of my parents were employed and were able to provide for me and my siblings.	9
sure is sad to see so many children in distress around the world.	9
are findings tax deductible?	9
it sounds like it.	9
that makes me feel much better.	9
how many children do you estimate are benefited?	5
i would like to know more before i donate.	5
how are you	9
hello, yes i am willing to donate my payment from this task for the save the children charity	9
all of my payment, the entire $2.	9
without the funding, it would not be able to continue and without volunteers, no one can do the actual work.	9
there were periods in my childhood when money was very short and we had our telephone or power cut off, but i always had a safe place to live and food to eat.	9
yes, sure sir	9
wow, that sounds really fun.	9
are you donating?	7
what if i'd like to donate more	9
how does that work?	9
yes, that would be helpful.	9
it may -- but at this point i really still have no idea what save the children is and i would want to research it anyway before i would agree to give money to it.	8
more money but i enjoy giving the time	9
i would like to start making a difference today.	9
so do i, i feel kind of guilty to being able to have all that and they are kids out there who don't have not a single one of all of those basic things	9
great, and can i bring family members to the donation event?	9
not really, please tell me anything!	5
you're right, it is very important.	9
i already checked it out and it seems pretty good.	9
sure i would	9
do you believe they don't?	9
do you donate to any on a regular base?	7
good, thanks!	9
have you ever made a donation to them?	9
no problem.	9
no i am okay with this amount	9
how much are you giving?	7
hi	9
i tend to like st jude's research hospital too	2
an example would be uniceff	7
you?	9
i'm not sure that i have.	9
that is cool that you lived in three different states.	9
is there anyway that i can be guaranteed the money will go towards what is promised?	5
true -- but how much money is currently being provided by us and nato to help?	7
is there a minimum amount you need to donate?	5
its hard to donate when i feel i would be taking from my daughter to give to other children..	3
yes you can you can have my $0.30	9
i also hate seeing children so helpless.	9
no.	9
and what country or countries are these children located in	5
i have a child so i'm all about helping kids	9
ty..i will contact and agree to start off with 10$ per month	8
how long has this charity been in existence?	5
the organization sounds like a good one.	9
yes, now days no one willing to help others, but we can change his mental set and try to help others.	9
a little bit but not much.	9
i wish i could do more	9
yes, of course.	9
ok i would like to donate the $20 a month but i would like to hook it up to a credit card that is automatically deducted	9
sounds good.	9
i think it is the least i could do.	9
imagine not have clean water to drink.	9
that is awesome.	9
good morning!	9
not much maybe a couple dollars every few months	9
are you thinking of donating to it?	7
i have donated a couple of times; like for the st jude's hospital, red nose day and march of dimes.	2
hm, it depends on my schedule to be honest because i still have to pay rent and i don't have set hours but i'd be willing to give around $100 if i have solid hours every month.	3
i don't have a lot to work with either.	2
i donate to my local charities, plus the united way.	9
sounds like they accomplish great things.	9
i would need to know more about the charity first.	6
nice to meet you, do you know any good children's charities	9
hello mike i am pete	9
what's the best way to get involved in your opinion?	9
i would be willing to donate 0.2 $ , i know it is not what others aspect me to give.	9
you're making this take far too long!.	0
definitely, i will donate my $0.30.	9
i sponsor 3 children.	9
but children's charities are great too.	9
so how exactly does the organization ensure that children's rights are protected?	5
are you going to donate too?	7
fine...what about you..?	9
however, that is only salary.	9
ok, that sounds good.	9
it was nice chatting with you too	9
ok. utilizing the resources from the research team, what are some challenges for children's education in developing countries?	5
i just don't know why i've never heard about it	4
i hope those kids get the money they need.	9
i love to help charities that serve a good cause and i would love to donate but i do have one question.	6
i will donate i'm just not sure how much.	8
well, i would prefer to hear more about the charity, their work and how much of their donations go to direct work with these children.	5
i will definitely check it out	8
what kind of work do they do?	5
it's great to hear there are people out there doing such important work.	9
are any fund going to help the the children in hawaii after the volcano and hurricane?	5
i appreciate the letters that i receive to see the impact that our donations make.	9
how do you donate?	9
so glad to help	9
is this primarily in african and south america?	5
mmmm that is interesting, i did not know that statistic.	9
hello	9
yes definitely, i ready to help other contry children also	9
i have donated to them in the past.	9
what percentage of the donation actually goes to the children and how much goes to the administration of the charity?	5
i wasn't given any information about the charity but am happy to help.	9
they are strictly non profit so we give what we can including clothes and books.	2
sure.	9
yes i have	9
wow, that is so good to hear.	9
ha, that is much better.	9
will you be doing so as well?	9
what country receives the most aid?	5
we spend so much money on other things, but the moment someone asks for a little charity, we make up many excuses.	7
what is my payment?	9
have you ever donated to them?	9
i'm sorry that it seems so little, but as i already donate to an organization and i use the payments here to save for a vacation coming up...	3
we haven't each done ten responses per the instructions.	9
how long has this group been in operation?	5
i use it for things that my family needs.	3
i like to donate.	9
i haven't yet, but i am thinking about doing so in the future.	9
i do not only help the children but everybody who needs some help if this financial or moral help	2
i think i can give $25.	9
that's nothing more than whats said in their infomercials.	0
you are welcome.	9
same to you and good night	9
i will give a dollar a day, i'm sure i won't even notice the money missing and i'll know that i am helping out.	9
i am willing to agree to 5 percent of my income for 6 months about 800 dollars.	9
i have donated a few times to them too.	2
like a one time donation of 100$ or so.	2
well, thank you for wishing me well.	9
would you give some of that .15 to ronald mcdonald?	7
cheers	9
i donate to a lot of different causes but am happy to pitch in.	9
what do they do?	5
how can i get involved?	9
definitely, have you donated to them?	9
i also tutored kids at a battered woman's shelter.	9
i would like to	9
i think i have heard of it.	9
i have!	9
i'm good, and you?	9
i would consider donating $0.50.	9
but do not fully know.	5
i really like how groups of people come together to make up these organizations, it so nice to see them helping people, in this case children.	9
yes, most definitely.	9
will it help towards education?	5
i'm fine how are you.	9
correct?	5
i've lived for 76 years and have only experienced two reasonably good presidents.	0
my dqaughter and i are homeless at the moment and have to sleep in parking lots..	3
what else can you tell me about the charity?	5
i usually like to donate to more local charities, this way it seems safer to actually go where it is needed and it is for poor homeless kids around my own area	2
half the payment - one whole dollar	9
before i can donate i will need to know how this organization has help.	6
that's very sad.	9
that's fine.	9
sorry, no.	1
what do you like most about this group?	9
as per today's earning is very little i would like to donate 1	9
do they provide legal help or support to live?	5
tell me more.	9
no, i haven't	9
does this money that goes for donation stay here in the united states?	5
please ur nice name?	9
hello, what do the save the children federation do?	5
(1, o.k. let's say 1600 dollares total, o.k.?	9
as a parent of one, i woudn't want to see my child go through many of the hardships that children of very young age would go through.	9
thanks for the information.	9
i will give $0.20	9
cool no problem	9
this should be the tenth response, i suspect we will be able to submit	9
i think one dollar will help	9
did you ever use the services of any organizations for children to help you through the rough times?	9
how do they help children in other parts of the world?	5
no, i have not hear that	9
all children's using in the children's charity.. and all peoples join in the children's charity....	9
it feels good to make a difference if only for one child	9
that wonderful! is there anything else i need to do?	9
i wish i could more but i am trying to pay my bills with what i make here.	3
i would like to donate $0	1
i have, i have donated christmas gifts to local toys for tots every year.	2
i'm in a tough financial situation right now so i really need money but i would like to donate.	3
i do too	9
i donate a portion of my paychecks to feed the children. do you have a favorite charity?	2
i'm like you.	9
i feel very strongly about "our own children" !!	9
yes it is.	9
i do not want to make a donation today.	1
oh yeah and how much would you help them	9
well it is a bit rainy, and it has been cold, but we are going to get a heat wave in the high 80's this week!	9
i only hope that the money goes directly to children programs instead of being eaten up by overhead costs	4
sad but true.	9
i mean this is not like sponsoring a child or family situation right?	9
i'm sorry i'm just not able to at this time but thank you for telling me about this organization.	1
okay.	9
yes, they need all the help they can get there after the missiles and chemical attacks	9
no, i haven't actually.	9
i am not going to waste the reward.	1
i asked in the previous chat what is the procedure to donate?	9
are you at all associated with save the children?	7
oh that's wonderful, what a great organization.	9
no, i haven't.	9
i believe in that	9
so after making a donation, i won't exactly see how the money i give will be used right?	9
that sounds like a worthwhile cause	9
i'll definitely check them out.	8
that is amazing.	9
they are?	9
oh yeah defiantly.	9
do you know what save the children's reputation is for actually using the money it collects to help children versus for fundraising and administrative salaries?	4
it sounds familiar.	9
what's it spent on?	5
printed pictures all the way for me, it's what i know.	9
i have three kids.	9
people are more likely to donate when they are comfortable and feel like it is good organization.	9
aww, that would be so considerate of them!	9
are you going to donate?	9
i choose 0.30 dollar for donation	9
what do they do?	5
is this the same group where people used to "sponsor" a child?	5
it was nice chatting with you.	9
i watched a video on youtube a couple of years ago.	9
you're right, it is non-profit organisation.	9
that's great of you!	9
i give Â£3 a week so around Â£36 a year.	9
yes, i would be willing to donate a small portion as well.	9
gotta feed the hungry first	9
have you donated to them yourself?	5
good morning too and am also same as your location	9
you too	9
you can find it aturl	9
yes that is correct	1
how about yourself?	9
is there any other information you can share with me that i shuld know about?	5
is there any other way to get involved besides donating?	9
i want to donate everything	9
great you too	9
it's great to earn extra money here and there.	9
it has been great to electronically meet you too.	9
at least a portion of it.	9
money?	9
i have an affinity for children.	9
ok, good deal, $0.50 it is.	9
i am not saying that world charities are not needed but i rather give to local charities.	2
what do you dislike about the organization	9
yes, sometimes i feel a little guilty that i have it so easy.	9
i truly believe that most charities are so needed in these times when the governments and the corporations aren't being super charitable.	9
have a great day.	9
sorry i can't donate more :(	9
what percentage of my donation actually makes it to the children?	5
i have, actually.	9
actually i have a kid that is sick and overseas right now	9
i do believe i would like to donate some money to the save the children charity.	9
no, i've never heard about it	9
thank you.	9
sure thing.	9
i glad we can help.	9
how many total children has the charity helped since it began?	5
what are some of your hobbies?	9
i heard that, with some organizations, only 10% of the money goes to the recipient!	9
and every little bit can add up.	9
that's right, how do you help children?	9
do you donate to a specific child?	5
possibly, i'm not sure.	8
what children organization?	9
wow thats way more than i would have thought.	9
for sure we must do something, but many people are blind, they see just the green of the money, they dont interact with people to see whats their problems are, i really want to help go in africa or some place but i dont know how i can go with a organization.	7
do you know where the charity is headquatered?	5
thank you.	9
thank you, you too.	9
its a joy to help.	9
how do you know that they are effective?	4
oh, from my personal account?	5
i have heard about it but i do not know wgat they do	9
that's wonderful.	9
pennies matter to me.	3
are you thinking of a one time donation?	9
ok i would like to see if i can help. i love children.	9
i'm not sure i understand what you said just now.	9
have you donated to this organization?	7
i agree it's for a good cause.	9
i already work full-time to make ends meet.	3
i know they are a well established charity so should have all the resources, administration wise, to get the money where it is needed most.	9
i know they really deserve but i am kinda on a tight budget right now but go ahead and tell me about this unique opportunity.	3
no i dont	9
a ten dollar donation sounds reasonable to me.	9
i think it's crucial to tell whether these charities are in fact going towards children in need.	9
i love children.	9
i dont see why i wouldn't	9
what they need is to be extracted from those countries so that they can have a better life not 0.25	9
how about you?	9
unfortunately some "charities" are just scams that do not donate to a worthy cause at all.	4
that sounds like a decent organization.	9
alright i will ask my co-workers	9
i'm sorry i meant $20	9
but i have money that i can donate.	9
send over rights?	9
hello i am fine thank you	9
excellent - how does it work	9
one last question - are all members who help volunteer based?	5
i will be working all day.	9
i am contemplating adoption for the future.	9
that sounds good.	9
so when it comes to issues, a specific issue that i really care about is the problem with the poverty issue in the united states.	9
do you know anything about how they are helping the children?	5
ok.it only pays $0.30 though	9
that sounds good.	9
i feel that using money to but food directly in their cities is best.	2
i do not but hope to some day.	9
yes.	9
i am not sure yet. what is their website?	9
i don't think so.	9
that's a good point, i think a lot of the times the little things we can do that have really positive impacts kind of get lost in the shuffle.	9
no, i didn't know but thank you for telling me!	9
i will have no discomfort discussing suffering people.	9
how much are you donating?	7
i think i've heard of them, but aren't they religiously affiliated?	5
hey, not feeling really good today, stomach ache :(	9
its not a lot but hopefully go towards someone else donation to help children in war zone areas	9
i guess we're supposed to be talking about a children's charity..?	9
that's right, thanks for showing me the page, i will help many children, today i want to sponsor 3	9
yea they should hire a specialist that can go into social media like facebook, instagram, and other sites to build a presence	9
exacally if 50cents can make a differnce in someones like and i can help im all for it !!	9
nope, mine doesn't maybe that was the point, to see if i would donate to just any charity. still i always hope the money actually gets to them.	9
war is like adults acting like children but worse because they know they're not showing regard to the people suffering	9
if i have a chance to donate when i'm a bit more financially stable, i will donate more.	8
thanks, warmest regards from alabama	9
am so glad to hear that	9
awesome.	9
yes i am.	9
what about you ?	9
i would love to make a donation today.	9
where are you from?	9
this has been a great hit.	9
oh i love kids i know they need help	9
those less fortunate deserve better.	9
so if my reward amount on this hit is .30 cents, just give "save the children" this .30 cents, and we will call this task complete.	9
i'm good, how are you doing?	9
oh thats good	9
wow, that is extremely sad.	9
i would be okay with donating $0.10 from the task payment towards the charity.	9
glad this worked out!	9
if a child would like to send me a letter and picture of theirselves, i would be delighted.	0
outstanding.	9
okay, that sounds great!thanks!	9
why are you talking about this charity instead of the others?	7
i have a very rudimentary understanding.	9
will you donate the same amount back to me?	9
thank you, have a great day!	9
do you work for them?	9
i do not wish to donate.	1
okay i have a check is it any discloser of our identity in donating low or high amount	2
new york, how about yourself?	9
man, the site sounds good.	9
i've heard on the news that many children around the world are with their families trying to escape wars.	9
am great, how about you?	9
if save the children helps those children who are orphaned or injured like this, then it is an amzing organization.is that what this applies to?	5
ok if that were true what is their succession rate of getting through to the children or progression rate.	5
ill donate $0.30.	9
how do i donate then?	5
you are welcome	9
yes my home in 3 childrens i take for in the life	9
it is very scary to think about.	9
does your organization provide receipts, for tax purposes?	5
how are you	9
oh ok, who is they?	5
how much you ready to pay for children?	9
can you tell me more about it?	5
okay, that sounds good.	9
do you have any specific country in mind?	9
yes, i usually donate to soldiers or veteran related charities such as wounded warrior project.	9
ok - what specifically were you thinking about?	9
world wildlife fund: wwf, i like to support animals too if i can	2
so nice job.	9
what kind of supplies does my donation provide	5
how long has save the children been around?	5
how about you?	9
that makes sense and i do like the money to be spread to everyone.	9
how do you help them.	7
ok that is good to know.	9
i do very much yes	9
how do they help the children?	5
in fact, i've recently did some research on this charity and found so many community events that help children in general.	9
they work with children all around the world.	9
i have not but i have to some others recently	2
that serves a purpose too!	9
oh my gosh.	9
i am so broke but giving a dime is really all i can afford today.	3
we have to walk early and late.	9
most people take for granted what they have in their lives, while there are so many thousands who do not even have the basic necessities.	9
thats awesome!	9
hi.	9
yes, it really does cause feelings of guilt!	9
it is great to be a helpful person.	9
i saw a disheartening bstory on the news about some children that were injured due to that very violence.	9
hi, have you ever donated to a childrens charity before?	9
if so, how much do you give?	9
would you mind explaining what the charity does?	5
>15 cents sorry maybe more next time.	9
i still know nothing about the charity and i\'m already a half hour into a 2 dollar hit.	9
i'll pay $0.30 surely	9
i have given a few extra cents sometimes at the checkout in grocery stores.	2
yeah, i just looked it up.	9
have noticed so many kids that are kinder and more aware than when i was younger.	9
i would like to dotate $0.20.	9
sure, what is it?	5
that is something i could really get behind.	9
should have went for deflection or dismissal.	9
no i havent	9
not interested right now to do so.	1
do you have any experince dealing with them at all?	9
hey how's it going?	9
hi	9
yea?	9
go ahead and tell me how can i help	9
are you thinking about donate to the cause?	7
who own the charity	5
would $1 help at all?	9
thats very beneficial.	9
i understand.	9
or just the united states?	5
such sweet creatures.	9
there are so many charities that claim to do the same things.	9
yes, i have.	9
me too.	9
i am doing fine.	9
hello, i am fine, how about you?	9
whetehr i acn trust this charity?	4
i'm always so skeptical of charities to be honest.	2
yes i help to kids	9
i am well thank you and you?	9
anything else?	9
i can imagine!	9
i don't think so.	9
ok great.	9
why the aggressive tone of me "donating or not"?	9
this is true but alot of charities don't represent the individuals they portray to help.	4
i think most of the money that is donated goes towards salaries, etc.	4
sounds good, do i just go to the website to donate?	9
how about 15?	9
okay that sounds good but how much would a donation of that size be?	9
i have 10 cents i can give.	9
not today but surely asap	8
ok i will educate myself on them when we are done with our conversation.	8
that is why i am asking you for the details.	9
that seems reasonable.	9
yes thats nice	9
tell me more	9
i don't really have anything to give right now, but i will donate at another time when i have steady income.	8
yes, but i remember what it gave me.	2
but there are a lot kids here in the us who deal with poverty.	9
yes i know that organization.	9
do you donate to this organization?	5
no i do not agree.	7
thank you!	9
are they buying new schoolls with this money, new books, clothes, shelter or is the president of the charity using my donation to get a mercedes benz?	5
but i guess it takes a lot of work to try to help the ones who need it most	9
hello.	9
are there any charities that work in that area?	5
ok sounds cool	9
i did few hits before that asked me to donate my bonus or half of the reward.	9
how do you feel about that?	9
i've been given no info about the charity.	2
i'm fine with staying at $0.50 as long as you are	9
i would consider it.	9
so we should do that to make sure we and the charity get paid right?	9
what is their mission?	5
what was life like for you growing up?	9
yes that is correct	9
good thanks.what about you?	9
you gotta make sure your donation is helping the needy.	4
they do an awesome labor	9
in africia, asia, etc.	5
oh really?	9
they definitely do.	9
yes, i have.	9
are you used to people ripping you off here lol.	9
i always think about how i would want to know my child is cared for if i'm not around.	9
ohh thats nice of you surely i too have an opinion in this charity and i will donate as much i can possible and share with my friends	9
i'm good with them doing that.	9
thank you!	9
wow, that definitely puts it in perspective!	9
i do the same for world vision.	9
awesome.	9
doing mturk to get my student loans paid off so that i can be more generous as a whole.	3
:)i like that it's non-governmental.	9
you convinced me that it's a worthwhile charity.	9
i have donated $100	9
like a quarter here and a quarter there.	9
what does the money go towards if i donate?	5
thank you for your time	9
amounts don't matter to me.	9
i will donate all of $2 then :)	9
seeking job	9
it's so heartbreaking	9
working with kids is the best.	9
i live in the us and volunteer all of the time for childrens charities.	2
ok so wht do you suggest?	9
that sounds great.	9
i haven't, is that a charity?	4
what's your feelings about giving to children's charities?	9
okay.	9
you're welcome!	9
like i said those are opinions.	0
does the charity feed the children in the usa or abroad?	5
so we are supposed to chat about a children's charity.	9
not exactly, but i'm sure it's thousands	9
i tend to read news articles from aboard. bbc, ect.	9
that is a huge impact.	9
do you mean autopay from my payment checks ?	9
i believe in this charity, but still wonder how much of the money i donate actually helps.	2
have you donated to save the children before?	9
what would you suggest?	7
so do you agree?	9
with the commitment i made to the shelter, i would not donate at this time.	1
we have to chat so ask a question	9
hello how are	9
i am lost.	9
thanks, you too.	9
what donations are we talking about?	9
have a great week	9
how does the operation afford staff?	5
hello tell me something good	9
hey how are you today?	9
i'm great, thanks.	9
doing fine, what about you	9
i am so grateful there is a way for me to help financially!!!	9
and to help children and animals as much as we can.	9
yes - providing funding for children is a top priority, whatever the need may be	9
how are you today?	9
hi, i currently have a children's charity that i sponsor	9
ok, you too!	9
i didnt know till now , you verified what i heard , they are making something beautiful for the people of hawaii .	9
my families poor too and i don't get a lot of extra stuff like drinks and snacks.	3
what charity are you involved in?	9
i've had similar things happen.	9
i'm really passionate about children's rights no matter what background they are from.	9
30 cents for the children is okay with me!	9
ok sounds good.	9
i had heard about the mcdonald's charity and see the change box, but i did not know much about it until a customer told me his son used their services when i was getting food once	9
i'm glad you understand my concern about scams.	9
i think this is a fair percentage to have.	9
it does, and charities can go further with the amount of money donated.	4
ohh how much donation would yoy expect?	9
yes i would be willing to donate $1	9
i'm going to tell more people about the charity	9
thank you!	9
it's a shame, but i want her to know her rights so that she is never taken advantage of by someone in a higher position of power.	9
how long have you worked there?	9
as long as my donation gets to the children, i will donate to the charity	9
if i have two very beautiful children that are my life, maybe that's why i'm very attentive to things like this of this magnitude	9
i would like that.	9
you are very welcome!	9
i also like to save the children.	9
what is your favorite childrens charity	9
i might want to volunteer too.	9
i want to be assured that overhead costs are minimized.	4
internet research is a good way to learn about pretty much anything.	9
i like to donate $1	9
where are those childrens parent?	9
how do they do that?	5
.60 still sounds good to me.	9
it's the reason i go to work everyday.	9
i know syria is a mess recently	0
i don't feel the need to be recognized for any good i can do.	9
i am a big fan of organizations who take care of the needs of hurt children.	9
maybe.	6
i can not believe how warm it is already.	9
i think it's the astronomical costs of healthcare.	9
i would be fine with that.	9
you're welcome, that was fun	9
if i donate $25, does that go a long way?	9
thank you.	9
ok.	9
is there a minimum i can donate?	9
no, i do not have kids.	9
yes, i feel like if anything could use more funding, it should be children who need extra assistance.	9
yes, i have donated a year before.	9
that is very impressive.	9
i think i would be able to donate some of my earnings.	9
i do.	9
great.	9
that sounds really great.	9
yeah - all good things	9
i have to make it more than 3 words	9
nope, what do you recommend?	9
i understand that.	9
thanks.	9
it wouldn't matter how big or how small the donation is.	9
i think it's time to take a walk a little later!	9
how are the proceeds distributed?	5
i notice they didnt send money to my child though, he is sick and overseas?	4
what exactly do they do?	5
it would help to know what childrens charity as well with some information about it.	5
that;s great!	9
i would like to read some more information, probably on their website, then donate from there.	8
what about you?	9
why is that?	7
i tend to give to people on the street asking for $$..there lots of opp...20 to 30 is fair amount	2
oh, yeah food please.	9
i heard a really heartbreaking interview with a syrian child who lost his dad on npr the other day.	9
i'm not sure how this donation process will work, do you know the specifics?	4
americans pay more for poorer outcomes, compared to peer countries.	9
i am well today thank you.	9
hello!	9
works better on skeptics.	9
it says a child's charity.	9
ok, please explain, sounds like a wonderful charity	5
is it a non profit?	5
have a wonderful day.	9
how about you?	7
i don't mind donating because i think the money is more important to them than it is to me.	4
if they don't, it's completely understandable.	9
i'm sure save the children helps them?	9
okay.	9
hi	9
oh, that sounds like a really good charity to donate to!	9
do you donate to this cause as well?	9
have you ever donated to a children's charity?	9
looking at the link you provided, it appears that children in america also benefit from save the children donations.	9
how do they ensure that the money is effective in feeding the children and not lining pockets?	4
that's simple enough.	9
hi, it all depends on who you really are, if it's for a person very close to me if i'm willing	8
be the change you want to see in the world, right?	9
what do you have in mind?	9
yes i have read about that and that is said for those children...where are you from?	9
i typically donate to local charities by giving food or cash.	2
yes i will.	9
where are you at?	9
what about controveries in 2009 regarding parents in britain?	4
i'd be glad to support the cause	9
how do you feel about animal charities?	7
thankyou!	9
st judes is such a great cause too.	2
the reason i ask is because i have cared for abused and neglected children and see the results and how it effects them for the rest of their lives.	9
sorry	1
i'm looking it up right now.	9
i guess i will make an explicit donation agreement for save the children, maybe i'll donate 30.00 to help them out in the future.	9
oh yep thats very good i know these children needs help for sure	9
i cuddle babies in the nicu.	2
ok so we agreed on a price?	9
what inspired you to work for save the children?	5
or do you also volunteer your time?	7
makes sense you gotta keep the engine running.	9
specially kids in need.there are some living in very bad conditions	9
i hope it is helpful to the children	9
thank you for being able to be so kind hearted as well hope u have a great day and keep a smile on your face ;)	9
what is the organization called?	9
i do not, can you tell me some?	5
i am more willing to help a charity that will help right here in america	2
do you have kids?	9
the way things are going i don't expect to experience any thing close to that again.	0
i was born in ussr and we had very limited resources.	3
i happen to favor unicef since my kids collect for halloween and kids count monies as part of class project.	4
we really are.	9
interesting.	9
will we also be helping children soliders?	5
you definitely can...but not today.	8
how were these children killed or injured -- because i know that many people (children too) are slaughtered on the highway in horrific road accidents.	9
i don't usually donate to charities.	9
is ther any other charities you're fond of?	2
what do you do for save the children?	9
do you know what these children are suffering from and what the money will be funding?	5
it is best to be transparent when running a charity like that, especially when the charity brings in a large amount of money.	4
what made you interested in this charity and not another one?	7
especially for third world country that have limited resources	9
how much are you thinking of donating	7
sounds like they do a lot of good for a lot of people around the world.	9
every child deserves to have nutritious food.	9
i think i have heard of it.	9
my small change won't do a thing for those kids.	0
i know it will	9
i do not purchase candy too often; however, i could definitely sacrifice a starbucks coffee to help children in need.	0
i also found out that 86% of donations goes to services and only 5% goes to management.	9
hopefully we can move on soon to get back to other tasks.	9
good just another monday how about yourself?	9
what do you think?	9
what do you mean you have gotten to save $100,you are saying it isn't a non profit?	5
have you ever made a donation to save the children or another charity?	7
i don't think so, what do they support?	5
makes me feel even better about my donation	9
ok thanks.	9
hi,it was another day	9
right now, i think i can spare a penny. :)	9
i would be interested in donating five cents.	9
i did not know that	9
how do i donate?	9
it sucks that not all people and children have the comfort of having a stable place to stay or the comfort of knowing they are able to eat.	9
i think every little bit helps but as a whole it's not enough.	9
how can i help?	9
children must be educated i didn\'t heard about"save the children" what is the procedure of giving donation?	9
what makes them untrustworthy?	9
yes i have in going to donate	9
does it do any work in the usa?	5
support children in more development country?	5
it makes me scared for her and my nephews as well.	9
at christmas i plan to send either $100 or $200 as a special gift to his family, which will enable them to buy a goat, some chickens, etc.	2
what do you know about this charity?	9
i would like to donate $10 right now.	9
i've heard of red cross	2
if so, how much does it take to take care of a sweet child on average?	5
like mentioned i'm willing to give 10 cents of the 30 cents.	9
very well, thank you.	9
that sounds good, thank you for being charitable.	9
how much do you want to donate?	9
thanks i would appreciate your help.	9
i have heard about it but i can't remember it's mission.	9
if everyone did something, it helps the bigger overall picture and they are so worth it.	9
hmm..interesting i will consider that..how would i contact them	8
is that something that you personally do?	9
i cant even imagine what these poor families go through.	9
but private donations certainly help.	9
i've done that before on other tasks.	9
i like to research organizations first to see if the money i give is really going to the cause, or if it is wasted by high overhead costs.	4
i do not do this "only" for the money, but to try and help any way i can.	9
just need to investigate them a little more.	6
is there any follow up information you will be able to share once the donation is complete?	9
could you tell me more about this charity?	5
i'm good!	9
$0.25 is a good amount	9
what do volunteers do for this charity?	5
i donate to the nyc food bank also.	9
sounds great. is there are reason that you have chosen to raise money for save the children?	9
i believe its a christian organization.	9
that would be fine with me.	9
do the donations actually help the organization?	5
how are you?	9
i feel like i\'ve heard of it, but don\'t know a lot about it.	9
i just know that if i were a child in need, i would be grateful for all the help i could get.	9
the conditions there were really bad but the us gov really dropped the ball on helping.	9
i feel sorry for them and would like to help them as much as possible	9
yes i would like to make a donation.	9
therefore, we could help the children for their livelihood as well as for their education.	9
i am curious what we can do to help.	9
what happened, if you don't mind me asking.	9
do you?	7
i agree with you.	9
i like to keep my money for now.	1
no i was blessed when i was a kid and i was allowed to be one	9
yes, i am interested but now not join in children's charity.	9
ok perfect!	9
what do you have in mind?	7
i would possibly be interested in that.	9
yes.	9
i agree to 20	9
no, i care aboutkids in my community, who are in poverty.	2
i figured they just tried to help children in under developed countries.	9
how would i donate directly from this task?	9
do i close this window now	9
yes, that was going to be my next question.	9
there are ways to make a difference for sure.	9
many countries have absorbed many refugees and i am fairly certain that way more aid than tents has been provided.	7
i have never seen this organization help them.	2
i don't understand what you mean	9
i work part-time and attend college so i don't have much now.	3
i have not.	9
give me some reasons i should donate	5
all i can afford is $5.00.	9
i think that we take many things for granted such as running water, and always having food on the table.	9
i agree, the local charities are good.	2
good morning, how are you doing?	9
does it help children in this country or in another country?	5
i would like to donate.	9
i dont think there is any shortage of people who need help.	9
i'd like to learn more information.	9
yes that would be great i will take a look at it and tell you if i have decided to donate at this time or not	9
what other countries are they working in right now?	5
i don't think of it as a moral obligation, necessarily.	9
that is great that they are there helping.	9
i would like to donate half of my payment.	9
one of the things that really touch my heart is preventing malnutrition.	9
i do volunteer some.	9
how much money a year does save the children raise?	5
sure.	9
i'll donate half my payment, so $.15.	9
in the past few years i rarely have.	9
i agree with you!	9
thanks.	9
i do agree 100%how would i go about finding this charity?	9
i am also a follower of unicef, are you familiar	2
thank you so much.	9
i'm not certain if that's scripted or not but if it isn't there's a better way to word that and if it is i think the person who wrote it might need to retire because they clearly come from the 50s.	0
i would like to, but i really can afford to donate anything right now.	3
wouldn't it be easier for the research team to have their survey, and ask for donations at the end of the survey?	9
i can do 0.30 cents at the moment.	9
ok, i saw the website and i am willing to donate $10	9
me too, if only we could help!	9
yes i would	9
col.	9
what is your recommendation on how we can help	9
that is kind of you.	9
i have just done some quick research and am inclined to donate when i have the opportunity.	9
what is the charity and what do they do?	5
ok .60 firm this time	9
i think it is a good organization.	7
i would like to donate but i am not a huge fan or donating just for promotion?	6
sure thing.	9
i don't believe it.	4
i am one who like to donate.	9
they actually have an office near me then.	9
thanks.	9
also i want to verify that this organization is most trusting.	9
it is in fact 10 or 5% of my weekly income.	9
i know it's not a lot, but it's all i'm willing to afford today.	9
yes, let's donate $0.30 each.	9
wow how awsome it will really make a difference and i'm so happy we can both help to make a difference (double high five )	9
it is so sad.	9
unfortunately, i cant do that.	1
well, ok.	9
i was thinking to donate around 10 cents for save the children.	9
i'm doing well, a little tired.	9
they seem to be doing a good job.	9
are you planning to donate today?	9
thank you!	9
and where are you from?	9
awesome!	9
celebrities often get involved and donate time.	9
my mother and father both have a phd so their jobs made possible for us to be able to cover all that and so much more	9
i've actually been intrigued by alot of the things i've head on the hits.	9
i would ifd my daughter was not needing milk alsoâ€¦	3
ok please do	9
i'm just waiting until it's time to go volunteer at a local children's hospital...	2
in my personal life i do pay attention to all the details and the reviews of charities.	9
what can i do to help?	9
i have made donations in the past, but our money is bit tight since i'm a stay-at-home mom right now.	3
i've been thinking about donating to a children's charity.	9
ok, i also read we have to communicate atleast 10 times for the chat to end	9
that sounds like an awesome organization!	9
i will look at the website.	9
sure	9
it's all about giving.	9
that is a solid informational link, including a full board of trustees to look into.	9
okey.	9
ok.	9
save the children do help with vaccines as well as food.	9
yeah, totally!	9
honestly, it should be a choice.	9
but if i die from starvation...its your fault <_<	3
i am curious if i can state if money goes to children in this country though?	9
ah, i see, that's very heartbreaking to here.	9
how much will you be planning on donating to the charity?	7
that's fine with me.	9
they look really good.	9
there are no laws that stop them from lying to people either.	4
i have heard about it.	9
kuddos to them!	9
well, i already donae to other charities so i'm not sure.	2
you too!	9
i totally agree, i think if you can, you should help others in need	9
glad you took your time.	9
like do they just supply food?	5
i am from oakham	9
i need to think about it.	8
all we could do is our part since problem is so big.	9
i think i have.	9
once i decide to make the donation what should i do next?	9
i think i will donate about 20 dollars.	9
hello!	9
no child deserves to feel unsafe and go hungry.	9
i wish you well.	9
i would think so?	9
i have not.	9
what do we do about it?	9
well, it is a charity work / organisation where they save many children	9
thats very sweet of you.	9
could you tell me more about the charity?	5
no problem, what day is the charity meet up then?	9
i know that it is a charity.	9
i understand.	9
that's great that they help people in the u.s. as well!	9
i'm doing well.	9
out of curiosity, what did you do as a volunteer?	9
thank you.	9
definitely a charity that i could stand behind and support.	9
it depends, should this be a monthly donation or annual?	5
you are welcome.	9
how much should i give	9
oh thats great i would donate 5 dollars then	9
yes i can.	9
how did you come to find out about this charity?	5
i think maybe $30 when i get my check next tuesday.	8
have a great weekend!	9
hi.	9
yes i would like to	9
have you ever donated to this organization and if so, how much?	7
plus there are starving children right here in america	4
definitely, are you interested in such things?	9
that's great.	9
true, we live a life and it would be more fun to live beautifully and happily but not only for ourselves but to be happy for all the people who surround us somewhat	9
if you can promise me that none of the money will go to help any muslim child, then i will donate two dollars from my payment	4
what is their website?	5
that is a great way to think about it.	9
is this a religous charity?	5
i am so glad to hear that!	9
children really need people to help them.	9
all the way in africa.	9
that's wonderful!	9
o.k. agreed 1800 dollares done	9
i do	9
no, i have not heard about that charity.	9
i have seen their adverts and campaigns.	9
ok, i would like to.	9
food?	5
i know its not much.	9
thank you for the information.	9
tell me more?	9
unfortunately i don't have much money right now to help.	3
the children's hope alliance in our town provides housing and schooling for children.	2
actually i like these kind of hits.	9
no but i just copied the link and am going to look at it now.	9
yes, that would be great, i like to compare to see.	9
great.	9
yeah sure, why not	9
i don't have a lot of money, but i'll ask my family and friends to donate to them for my birthday.	9
what about this charity.	9
hmm, i see.	9
absolutely!	9
ok	9
i will donate 0.05 cents today.	9
hey i'm fine.	9
yeah i did.	9
i was thinking $20	9
if i can ask a personal question, how did you make room in your finances to donate?	9
we know it's a problem not just in the united states.	9
i enjoyed this.	9
any child that needs help deserves it.	9
i do, too.	9
i used to donate to them.	4
what are the donations used for?	5
that was interesting, it seemed to match the information on the independent review site.	9
i would be willing to donate 10 cents.	9
it's been a pleasure chatting with you about children charities.	9
so what do we do now?	9
yeah i agree.	9
ok how ill give that much	9
i would have donate a smaller amount.	9
this is so good.	9
good for you!	9
children should be with their parents!!	9
no, anything that catches my eyes, or i find them on gofundme, what about you?	9
okay that sounds nice and an important service	9
i am a single mother and fiances are pretty tight at the moment.	3
i would definitely love to donate and get involved in any way i can.	9
hot, and well, i think the sun is coming around	9
i appreciate your position, but what exactly is save the children and how do i know that money will truly be used to help kids?	5
is the donation tax deductible?	5
for today i would like to donate $.30	9
that is impossible at this time.	1
well, i've already promised 10.	9
before i lived in new mexico i also lived in wisconsin and minnesota.	9
that's incredible.	9
i feel really torn about the crisis.	9
i'll donate $0.50.	9
that's awesome!	9
st jude's is another great organisation.	9
i don't trust the bigger charities.	4
i wanted to buy clothes for myself today, but i will give them some kind of charity online search, full $ 100	8
are you thinking of donating to it?	7
they do lots of tv adverts.	9
does save the children help children in the united states?	5
do they find family's for the children or are they running a orphanage?	5
i seethank you for your information.	9
i'm well, thanks	9
i would donate half of this hit payment to this charity and feel good about it i think.	9
what's their website address?	5
i do enjoy donating to charities.	9
hello.	9
i would like to donate $0.	1
what do i need to do now to help?	9
it's a monday, but a good start to the week!	9
that's a fair point	9
what is your families business and what do you enjoy most of the save the children charity?	9
hi...	9
that poor girl, being rejected by her own family like that.	9
can you tell me about it?	5
is there like, an average donation or something?	9
any amount of money can help.	9
i happy to help them.	9
$0.05?	9
that's nice.	9
that is a good approach, i have been doing some research on charities	9
yes, i would :)	9
ok cool, weve got a few more, any other charities	2
if it makes you happy, go ahead and take .50	9
it is hard to watch and not reach out to help a child.	9
i will gladly .	9
no, i don't believe i have.	9
absolutely, they are the future generation and it's imperative that they are nurtured and looked after.	9
charities need regular support.	9
i will donate now 5 dl	9
that is appealing.	9
helping children without parents is the most altruistic thing we can do	9
yes i understand that because every sunday i would go to the homeless shelter in my town and help collect clothes for the people that need it.it is something i do once a week because it is the right thing to do..	2
my family would just get through somehow.	9
let's do 1	9
i am thinking about it.	6
i agree that you have to be careful.	9
they save miniture ig dogs.	9
yes i have.	9
sure.	9
i was just looking through the morning mail.	9
i would definitely like to make a donation!	9
why are you talking about this charity instead of the others?	7
very fair, it is good that all contribute little to the help of children all over the world	9
i will.	9
yes.	9
no thank you.	1
is there a website for this charity?	5
i wish i could do more.	9
oh ok thats fine	9
it sounds familiar though.	9
i understand that but how much does the charity keep in order to keep the charity running	5
i'll donate $10	9
i've seen videos that were so heartbreaking	9
i'll donate the whole amount.	9
you?	9
yes, i think that would be accurate.	9
i might go back to the website to learn more.	6
though mturk they should raise quite a bit.	9
i am aware of the violence in syria but what has "save the children" done to aid in health, education and safety?	5
i can't imagine how terrible it must be for a child to grow up inside a war zone.	9
how are you?	9
of course i would donate, how much are you willing to donate?	9
it is a small amount, but i think that every penny can make a lot of difference.	9
to not be able to eat, or drink, and worry about being sick all the time	9
since i am a nursing student and paying for tuition out of pocket, my donation amount may not be too great but i would like to donate something.	9
how are you doing today?	9
ooo ok...thats good that there is a organization put together to help children in other countries	9
that is true.	9
even though i can't donate much, at least it will do some good.	3
same to you :)	9
no i havent	9
i see.	9
well if you aren't going to help me out with information and make it easy on me by helping with info, i'm not sure if you really care	7
do you have any more information about the organization that you could tell me?	5
they are an organization that sales to african countries and does hundreds of thousands of surgeries on children in need.	9
so save the children is a worldwide organization it sounds like!	5
oh, that's totally awesome!	9
there are so many worthy causes that i try hard to make sure my meeker amounts go to benefit the most.	9
yes i would like to conate	9
she picked out a child with the same birth month as one of her kids.	9
oh that is really nice.	9
it hurts my heart.	9
what are the typical donations to the charity like?	5
what do you know about the charity?	5
i also agreed to donate but before that i need more information, why do you keep asking me to donate?	9
do you know when the charity began?	5
will you tell me?	5
i am doing well.	9
most of time we have to depend on someone to help them.	9
yes thats ok	9
i will donate a portion of my payment.	9
first, is your reward contingent on my donating?	9
please tell me about it	9
so tell me about this charity.	5
i am glad you were there to help him.	9
i will look at the website after this survey and read more about it..i promise	8
what encourages you to donate monthly	9
no problem have a good night	9
i just feel that if they help a few children get a better childhood then it is worth it.	9
have you ever personally worked with them?	9
i wasn't aware that they did all of that.	9
i agree.	9
so i have much empathy for these children and their needs.	9
hello	9
they help a lot of city kids.	9
i have donated on 2017.	9
well being that im kind of a poor person myself im kind of in the same boat as the children lol.	3
i'm in the process of racking up as much money as i can and donating part of that to save the children.	9
ok i will definitely make a donation today to save the children.	9
yes i have.	9
hey there how is it going?	9
i do want to help in anyway that i can.	9
does this money provide help for the kids in their own country or is it used to bring these children over to the united states?	5
no, not currently.	9
i know how hard it can be to be healthy, so i want to help kids get the treatments they need.	9
most definitely doesand hope it will make someone else feel 10 times just as great	9
what percentage of your total donations come from these large corporations.	5
anything helps and it would make me feel better to know that i tried even if it not a big amount, i will donate what i can and continue.	9
well i have to go to work in a little while here how about you?	9
what developing companies?	5
it doesn't take much sacrifice to think of small ways to help!	9
i just do not have the funds available.	1
it seems like they're involved in a lot of areas.	9
what was the procedure	9
yes i would.	9
so i would definitely be willing to help.	9
that would be fine.	9
it's important to give every child an opportunity to succeed.	9
ok then i will donate half 15 cents	9
what type of cause are you in?	9
yeah i've seen a lot of the news on syria, it's horrible.	9
ok.	9
thank you very much!	9
im ok and you	9
how long has it been around?	5
i always wonder how much of donations actually go where ear marked.	4
i doesn't cost much.	9
i see on the local level how much of donations stay local and what gets spent on things i would call "stupid".	4
i probably will do that.	9
it hurts my heart when i see those children's charity commercials.	9
good morning.	9
i hope this kind of environment changes for them.	9
i wish this wasn't true.	9
what would you consider an acceptable contribution?	9
thank you for your time and information!	9
oh wow!	9
i agree if we don't take care of the kids we risk losing a whole generation of people!	9
how long have you been supporting this charity?	9
warm and rainy here.	9
yes, but i don't know a lot about them.	9
does it have a website?	5
hi!	9
so it looks like the money goes toward health and education?	5
how much u pay	9
ok, how about $0.30?	9
i'm glad that bruce was taken in, though.	9
ok yes i am aware of this organization	9
yes i am live in us	9
what is the easier way?	9
what is a recent successful program?	5
hello i would like to help too even its a bit	9
well that sounds just great to me!	9
i would like some more information before deciding to donate.	6
perhaps a link to an organization or other agency that rates major charities would be more helpful.	4
how much do we have to share with them?	9
yea, i think thats most important.	9
what are your feelings?	9
i'd donate more but i don't have much myself	3
i can't imagine what they are going through.	9
thank you and hope it helps	9
i was growing up in poverty so i know how it feels	3
i think that you convinced me.	9
they sometimes don't put the money that is donated into the right projects.	4
ok i support that	9
helping others is necessary and makes you feel good too.	9
and when i can't give monetarily donate food, my time, and go to blood drives on my university	2
that's wonderful!	9
how much is a good donation that could help?	5
hi how are you today	9
i think that it is so important that the money goes to the children and not to salaries.	4
thank you, i will do it for sure, have a nice day	9
wow no i did not	9
you never know though.	4
what's save the children all about?	5
okay did you choose to donate?	7
that is very true.	9
ditto to you.	9
if i donate, what do i get in return?	9
yes, i am sure.	9
how do i donate?	9
me too..i see many commercials for charity on tv and it breaks my heart..	9
how has "save the children" helped to aid in health, education and safety of the syrian children?	5
you have made this a good learning experience and i feel confident in my donation to save the children.	9
yes i will give my earnings to the save the children charity.	9
that's very helpful.	9
nope i have never heard of it	9
additionally, i am just very skeptical of any organization that asks for money.	4
i think we should all care for children	9
you have been great.	9
i think that's great!	9
yes i will.	9
im not to sure yet	6
i know the children are very grateful!	9
is 20 dollars okay?	9
possibly, do they have a website?	2
i just hope the donation does help and do wish it could be more.	9
that's interesting and sounds good, right?	9
no, but i see the work being done everyday in my community..	2
are you involved with charity	5
you too,was a pleasure!	9
i'll definitely go and make a donation today.	9
or is it just save the children?	9
i hate hearing about children being subjected to violence.	9
if someone believes they can take advantage of your ignorance, a lot of times, they will.	9
tell me more about "save the children."	5
then i will do it.	9
does this organization spend the majority of their donations on the cause or are the higher ups lining their pockets?	4
so do i.	9
do you have any other questions?	9
children are the futere	9
what about you?	9
if more people gave, even it's a small amount, it truly adds up and can make a difference.	9
do you?	9
i understand that.	9
i think this is the last chat exchange.	9
i like that information out there.	9
since i already donate to a charity like this i am not making a donation.	2
do you have any info on this children's charity we're supposed to talk about?	5
i would like to know more about this charity	5
i would choose 0 in this instance	9
we could donate our earnings from this hit and still make a nickel for kibble.	9
i use to	2
save the children was one of the charities talked about on here.	9
thanks!	9
i have no money right now which is why i'm on mturk tonight.	3
there are some good ones and some that have turned out to be scams.	9
that sounds pretty good.	9
unfortunately, it is all i can afford at the moment.	9
thank you so much.	9
i did not know that.	9
fine, thank you.	9
it was great chatting with you.	9
we went out with family to eat and are just taking it easy and yourself?	9
then is there any think special about it	9
it sounds familiar but i'm not sure.	9
what about you?	9
that's interesting.	9
that's terrible.	9
i wonder how much their ceo makes for saving the children.	3
i will donate the $2 towards the save the children fund.	9
in america food is plentiful and we sometimes have to stop and reflect, that other countries aren't as fortunate as we are!	9
i have been to third world countries in south america and seeing the living conditions of some people is very tough.	9
my pay?	9
okay great, is there parking for the venue or should i get a taxi there?	9
what is the purpose of the charity?	5
i am sure they do.	9
i'm not sure how much i would be getting from the task, but i will say $1!	9
great, especially we help to give personal care and health care products to children is necessary	9
no, i am not very familiar with that charity.	5
telling me where it goes really does nothing for me.	4
how do you feel about donating to a children's charity?	7
i think children deserve all the help they can get.	9
i usually like to donate to johns hopkins hospital because that is where i had many of my surgeries when i was a child.	9
i really can't do much, but i'd be glad to put down a dollar	9
we have so many places to go to for help	9
hello!	9
yeah, that sounds great. i love donating to charity. i think it is important to help those less fortunate.	9
i don't think i'm quite ready to decide yet though.	6
i couldn't agree more.	9
i would love to do that.	9
yeah i have, what an awful situation that is.	9
yes most definitely i totally agree with you!	9
this will be my first time donating to this organization so sorry if i have a lot of questions about it.	9
i'm not - could you tell me more about it?	5
right, well i feel horrible only saying $0 but i will say $0.00 because i want to go the website with my daughter and look it over and then donate there so she can be part of it	1
ok no problem i will find out.	9
no, can't say i've been	9
however, i think a lot of people would question whether these charities are legitimate.	9
what would you say is the amount of a the common donation thatsomeone like myself would donate.	9
is there a minimum donation?	9
i am curious why you chose the words "rural america"?	9
i wanted to help and want to help with a donation	9
and the money goes complety to the charity or does a part stay for handeling and administration	5
i already checked their website.	9
i always donate if it is for children causes.	9
i would be willing to donate the money from this task for sure.	9
ok that sounds reasonable.	9
yeah, i am thinking about donating half of my payment.	9
if i have anything it will go to homeless shelters, food pantries and environmental causes.	2
that sounds like a very nice cause.	9
ok, got it.	9
i most likely will.	9
that sounds perfect	9
yes.	9
i usually donate $1.00 or $2.00 at restaurants or stores whenever they ask me if i would like to donate.	2
i am interesting	9
established 1919	9
i'm not sure, what do they do for children?	5
how are you doing?	9
like.	9
thank you so much, same to you!	9
that's a thought.	9
you also done a great job	9
that's encouraging.	9
i have 300000 immigrants in my country.	9
do you have the link to the site	5
i don't know if i'd necessarily feel comfortable donating.	6
not without knowing the exact organization	2
what countries do they work in?	5
that sounds great.	9
wow, that is a staggering amount.	9
that sounds great.	9
that sounds important.	9
sounds wonderful!	9
your perspective is helpful.	9
i have been doing some research while waiting for your responses.	9
i would like to donate 5 dollars.	9
yes i like to give out things	9
yes, i believe they sponsor children in need.	9
like march of dimes and the salvation army	9
i typically give to them.	2
to be able to afford to get her some milk would be nice.	3
so if this just for children in america?	5
i can not donate until 10 chat turns.	9
i will donate $100 to them today.	9
i wish i could do more.	9
crazy how 30.00 a month can change a child's future.	9
nice to meet you as well have a good one :)	9
i have never thought about destiny being determined by where you are born though.	9
i was unaware.	9
i do not	9
also to abused women.	9
i always like to help when i can.	9
i have seen information about this organization before	9
so, i'd be willing to donate, if i could confirm the charity was a legitimate one.	4
do they take donations	4
ok thats great.	9
no thanks.	1
are you connected with the ngo yourself?	7
i feel like it's a shame and i wish we could do more.	9
like a newsletter?	9
yes anything i can do to help.	9
i think so!	9
thanks, i don't consider myself that great, but any little difference i can make makes me feel good about myself	9
that is very sad.	9
can you give me their website, so i can look into them?	5
pleasure meeting you too!	9
great, thank you very much	9
i think money that goes to kids is a super important cause.	9
yes i confirm .50	9
yea...it was feel good...what's about you...?	9
great what about you?	9
i do have a soft spot for children.	9
ok, so that will be one dollar each, right?	9
good education and good health	9
ok that would be fine	9
how long have they been around?	5
i think i'm okay.	9
oh that sounds good..how do they help	5
ok thats great.	9
it seems like syria seems to be a high stakes area.	9
i am very happy to help	9
i tend to make donations to a emergency children's shelter.	2
i have and i have heard good things about the charity.	9
i know a little can you maybe provide some info for me?	5
it is worldwide or one specific country?	5
there are thousands that need help	7
that's sad that a country as powerful as the usa still has problems with children in need.	9
nice talking to you as well.	9
interesting, what do the ratings represent	0
donating part of a purchase is such an easy way for a large amount of people to donate money.	9
i would like to help.	9
that would be fine.	9
that is very sad.	9
yes, i have two.	9
are they legit?	4
yes i could do that	9
i chose to donate $0.	1
do i get anything for donating?	9
i'll keep them in mind and do some research into them.	8
hello how are you	9
no problem. i do understand how every little bit helps and how we do not have to give as much if we can get others involved and for a good cause.	9
that sounds interesting.	9
hi!	9
what are you primary motivations for making the donations?	9
i like to donate 50 dollars.	9
thank you so much for telling me about this.	9
if i can vouch for them, yes.	8
that's good to know that they're reputable.	9
i am not sure if i have seen that picture.	9
i get that.	9
i guess i could do that.	9
it feels like so little, but if a lot of people do just a little bit, it really adds up!	9
as of right now i honestly would but i dont have the funds for it if their are other ways im albe to get others to donate as well and help out in any way possible i will be more then willing to do so..	2
it looks like they do great work.	9
i honestly had no idea.	8
i see, and do they provide medical help as well?	5
i am not sure how much time we have left and i don't know what to next ha ha.	9
how much do you agree to?	9
do they provide food for these people?	5
i'm glad we good agree on a charity to donate to.	9
do you know of any other childrens charities?	9
oh yeah, absolutely!!	9
i am doing fine, thanks for asking.	9
yes.	9
i know hunger is a big issue for a lot of people in other countries.	9
that sounds great.	9
what exactly would that 30 cents be used for and how would it help?	5
great!	9
i have considered donating to st jude also because they provide life saving medical care.	9
ok, i will definitely help out.	9
i'd like to know what specific ethnicity are we supporting	5
do nothing about what?	5
wonderful.	9
i'm good...what are we to discuss?	9
that makes sense.	9
you too.	9
sounds good.	9
when it isn't available, i think it's important to provide for them if we can.	9
i've never had the chance to talk to a charity before.	9
i will donate .15 from my payment.	9
what have you heard people say or have seen online about the charity?	5
our hits are going to expire on us.	9
that is awesome.	9
i think it's a great chairty.	9
i can do that	9
yea..it's nice too hear....	9
that is good information.	9
i pay money to the royal national institute for the blind.	9
wow .	9
maybe 0.50?	9
my husband and i have a small ngo in mindanao, philippines, and it is amazing what a little bit of money can do to make things better.	9
how much would you donate?	7
how do i know it is a legitimate charity?	4
i am not sure about where all the donation money ends up.	5
i see, and it's called save the children	9
are you a top rated charity?	5
do you donate often?	9
same here, but it really feels like a monday.	9
maybe we will get a dollar.	9
it's definitely a motivator!	9
what countries are helped through this organization?	5
it does.	9
sure would love to	9
i want the money to do with as i choose.	2
i am unclear as to whether or not this is a real donation or just discussion for the sake of the task	4
what is the best organizations and charities for children?	9
i hope my donation helps a lot of people.	9
how does me saying i will donate fake money make a good impression for future hits.	9
yes that would be great i would like to see that	9
this is why i would love to donate an amount.	9
what is it all about?	9
are we being selfish by keeping half?	9
i have to question that they have provided only tents.	7
i would like to donate $10	9
i am sure there are people who need it more than me	9
yes how do we end it?	9
yes i have	9
i wish everybody could fight to make lives better of the kids	9
like me, i think people donate to more children's charities than anything else.	9
yes children should have access to healthcare and basics needs	9
the thought of that is very exciting.	9
i read a blog about sea world is a big donater to children's charities.	9
i don't have any children but there are many children in my family.	9
to make sure that they have all that they need, and more than i ever had.	9
however, i usually just give where i feel i need to and if people use it the wrong way, i believe they will get what's coming to them.	9
some of them are in school too.	9
hopefully many more people help out so that they can get food and medicine	9
okay, please tell me about the charity.	5
alright.	9
how does a person go about making a donation?	9
that's pretty impressive!	9
i agree.	9
i am good.	9
ok great im in	9
great, let me check it out	9
can you tell me more about it?	5
sure, i'd love to hear what charity you participate in	9
my boss has a sponsored child that she sends money to every month.	9
i would do that	9
i would like to donate today.	9
do you know how much of the donations actually make it to children and how much is used for administrative costs?	5
i will donate 10 cents	9
i know more or less how it works and my goals are, but what do you know	5
are you apart of this organization or just support them?	9
i am so sorry to hear about the little guy and how his birthday, too.	9
ok thank you.	9
that is wonderful!	9
what types of things are being done to help the children in syria?	5
thank you for linking the website, i will check it out right now.	9
i've seen a lot of commercials about them, but never did a lot of research about them.	9
that seems so hard to believe, but i guess lots of pennies still add up!	9
this is an important cause though.	9
millions of children die each year due to poor health and so having a nutrition program, ensure's that children will grow up healthy.	9
thank you for telling me about this charity	9
wow that's a really great rating!	9
there is a poverty problem in all three states, but out of the three states that i lived,new mexico is definitley the top state for the poverty issue.	9
after i die i will donate my all..	3
how do i make the donation?	5
thats such a noble thing they are doing	9
have you presonally donated to them?	4
global?	5
to what age are children receiving help?	5
children are the most vulnerable people in our society.	9
yeah, that is true.	9
thank you and have a great day	9
yes, for sure.	9
i'm glad there are people like you out there who are attempting to make a difference in the world.	9
this is a worthy organization because many children receive some benefits	9
i can count on one hand the number of times i've had starbucks coffee.	3
what does it help the children with?	5
me too.	9
and why do so many of these countries continually need help?	7
should this hit not be ending, i think it has had more than 10 rounds?	9
5$ sounds good ok	9
is it world wide.	5
depending on the amounti will match your donation but only if you answer the following question: how do you feel about the organizations work?	9
oh, yes.	9
i don't know much about their events.	9
iit is so imporantant for them	9
i feel that donating is an ethical reason to give your tithes and offerings	9
i always like to give a small donation of some kind and always believe that others should also.	9
maybe they learned something from the mess in puerto rico.	9
i am thinking i only want to donate .10	9
yes they do.	0
i understand.	9
i think my brother sponsors a kid with them.	9
i haven't heard too much about it though.	9
i'm doing well thank you	9
amassing!	9
save th children help kids in need around the world	9
take care.	9
nonetheless, if your views are small and you only look at these donations at a high price, then small donations wouldn't count for anything.	9
okay, well i see that they have an a rating on charity watch with only 13% going to overhead.	4
yes, i am interested in donating.	9
fine how are you?	9
i think that is is awful and sad.	9
well, it's been nice talking to you.	9
how can i help them?	9
oh okay then thats awsome to hear	9
any time i can help improve a situation for a child in need i hope to be able to do so.	9
yes i education help for the children.	9
i am willing to donate $ 10	9
i'm good, how are you?	9
yeah, a few local charities.	9
i am somewhat familiar with them	9
haha.	9
wow, that's amazing.	9
i tend to find it easy to be sympathetic towards several different types of charities.	9
that's actually quite reasonable!	9
do you donate through mturk only?	9
yes i am interested.	9
yes i have in the past, but not recently	9
that's awesome!	9
i think charities would recieve a lot more if the country would go after the 1% to help	9
i understand but i just don't feel comfortable donating yet.	4
that is wonderful, whenever there are charity events or donations being taken.	9
well it takes personnel and resources to run any organization so i'm sure some of the money goes to that but i suspect more goes to the children.	9
.60 firm.	9
this is good thing.	9
what are your children's age ?	9
you personalty are willing to donate today?	9
awesome.	9
of course, its a great organization to support	9
oh yeah, absolutely!!	9
yeah me too.	9
it definitely is!	9
from what i have seen about save the children i've always been impressed with the work they do.	9
yes. save the children is a very nice organization	9
i don't	9
helping them is very important as is helping our children here.	9
what is it about?	5
do you know if they are actually using that money for the intended purpose?	4
30 or more	9
and you too.	9
so why do they deserve my money as opposed to other charities like st judes or the red cross>	2
i definitely agree	9
i hope to be able to do that someday.	9
perhaps people could go and help in person, rather than donating money?	7
yes sounds great.	9
good to know.	9
i have.	9
i think i will make a donation of $2	9
i still do not want to make a donation from this money.	1
ok, you too.	9
a few times	9
i only wish that our government would help the poor more than they do.	9
absolutely!	9
of course or i wouldnt be online!	9
no, i can't say i have.	9
how do they go about providing relief to the children?	5
ok so i will donate $25 to breed the children right?	9
with e environment and food system.	0
well it's $39 a month, so $468 annually.	2
that is terrible.	9
i've never been on an mturk hit like this.	9
but i do agree with the points you made in support.	9
yes, it tugs at my heart to think of all of those children.	9
that's true.	9
yes, i agree.	9
i ask that because volunteering would be easier for me than sending money.	2
some got to prison.	4
i never heard of them before today, have you?	9
if they can see for themselves and or participate in some kind of a charity event, then they would want to contribute to this.	9
enjoy your day also.	9
i don't think i've heard of that.	9
i spend about 5 dollars a day, you?	9
i am sure but i just am not able at this time	3
yes i do.	9
could you explain to me what the 25$ will go to exactly, is it for building houses, farms, shelters,...	4
i am an old retired guy with limited income.	3
whats a more specific idea of what you do?	5
hi!	9
yes i have heard of it, it is very good what they are doing.	9
i'm sorry to hear about your nephew?	9
i already did for some websites.	2
thank you very much.	9
i am about to donate to make-a-wish and hope you will too.	9
i was not aware of that fact, no.	9
i'm thinking about whether this is better than other charities i give to	6
yes i am	9
do you only work in the us?	5
i did not.	9
how you doin	9
today is beautiful!!	9
they should probable do internet promotion.	9
suggestions on a donation amount?	9
at least my initial donation.	9
i saw that they have pretty reasonable overhead fees, but the salary for the ceo was very high.	4
i am interested to help.	9
no, i thought save the children was about food distribution to those that are hungry.	9
not so fast what does the money go to	5
yeah stories like that are very heart breaking.	9
walks with the dog sound awesome.	9
what do you think?	9
i could definitely justify giving $20 to them.	9
i am interested.	9
ok, thank you so much for your help.	9
ok, i will do 5 cents of my task money.	9
if sometimes i go down the street and there are people with posters i raise money for children and i always give them something because it is a good cause	2
if we can get a group of investors this organization can reach a larger spectrum	9
show a pic of a kid etc.	5
the money would at least go to a good cause.	9
i'll do $20.	9
oh that is interesting.	9
how does it help children?	5
simple google search.	9
i think some people will say "maybe next time" if they aren\'t paying attention when the cashier asked them this question and/or they don\'t have the funds to do so.	9
your welcome, it is a good feeling to help others in need.	9
yes, i believe i have , is it for kids with cancer?	5
is america helping?	5
it's difficult to watch the horrible things these children are going through.	9
no.	9
i think it would be roughly $1.20.	9
you are very welcome.	9
is there any procedure to join as a member in that group?	5
what is the womens name that founded it?	5
i think everyone should chip in proximity 5$ that isin total.	9
what is save the children about?	5
i'd rather donate to ronald mcdonald - how much are you donating, though?	2
but i don't have money to donate.	3
hey, i'm doing great, how are you?	9
if i would agree with that, and if my organ donated what problems would my body have?	0
i think i would like to donate 5	9
what is in it for you if i donate?	9
if i donate, even a little, i want it to actually go towards what it should, not just lining the pockets of the ceo.	4
have you heard of them?	9
hopefully, more the people born more lucky can lend a hand.	9
hey	9
go on...	9
how do i make sure my money is being used for that purpose?	4
okay so are you trying to get me to donate?	9
at this time i am not willing to do that	1
i think disney world participates too.	9
tell me more.	9
i wouldb but i don't have any money right now.	3
lol	9
how can i donate?	9
hey there how's it going?	9
oh, in answer to your first question i have not done a task like this before.	9
ok sounds good.	9
i am well, thank you.	9
they have no choice but to rely on others.	9
how much of a donation are you looking for?	9
there are so many starving and abused kids here in the us that i'd feel more comfortable helping them first.	2
is there anything else you can think of that we could do?	9
i would have to see it to know.	0
what is the portion of donations that goes to children versus the portion that goes to administration or other expenses	5
id like to make a donation, how do i do that	9
mcdonalds does a charity that helps house families near hospitals so they can be together during a hospital stay.	9
hello, i'm alright.	9
i have a lot of nieces and nephews and have worked with children in the past so i have a good amount of experience with them, from all shapes and sizes	9
oh so they do more than just help with education.	9
and its awesome that you help out those kids in need	9
how much will you donate	9
it is sad.	9
wow, they really help people all around the world.	9
i was just looking for a charity to donate to	9
but i would like to be able $150 to this charity.	9
i've donated to a few in the past	2
not even a little!	9
they sound like an interesting charity.	9
i love helping where i can.	9
i am interested in it.	9
what dollar you need to give for children charity?	9
let me ask, are you also able to donate, and if so how much are you able to spare?	7
thanks for the oppertunity.	9
no, please tell me more.	5
what would motivate you to donate to a children's charity?	9
do you?	9
ok, good to know!	9
i have not, can you tell me more?	5
yes i have heard of hurricane harvey.	9
would you consider volunteering time in addition to money?	9
even a normal people from middle class can join in that group?	5
no i dont think so i love the cause!	9
i like to give out toys and if i have some type of change i give it out	2
with the hurricane coming soon.	9
great, thank you!	9
hi there, how's it going?	9
okay i will be sure and research the organization to better understand.	8
even though it is only .30 for this hit, with the number of people it adds up.	9
thanks	9
alright, i will donate $1.25, it seems reasonable.	9
i don't have the money right now to donate.	1
however, i think people should open their eyes to things like this because if they really look at the big picture and find that it could possibly affect their lives in the future then they should be more involved and play a role in helping others.	9
wow, that is intense.	9
i could probably donate a small amount.	6
do they have any focus right now?	5
tell me a little about it, because i heard of it but don't know where the money goes?	5
besides working in the morning, i plan to go out to a concert with a few friends on saturday, so that should be fun.	9
yeah - i try to donate once a month or so	2
sounds good, please feel free to share!	9
i would like to donate $0 but its not because i dont believe in the cause.	1
yeah it's very important to help someone that is less fortunate than yourself.	9
i think i could donate $5.00.	9
thank you for letting me know.	9
great.	9
how did you find the charity?	9
well that would be a good but i would want to research them first to make sure they are good but maybe you have already done that	2
i wish to and i like the idea of charity donantions, but personal donations is not within my current budget.	2
thank you very much forthat info you have been very helpful!	9
that's really awesome, are they more in need of supplies or monetary donations?	5
i never know who is in charge, who is taking what, and where the money truly goes.	4
i work hard to help children as well.	9
i agree.	9
yes i have	9
yes, it's an is an international non-governmental organisation that promotes children's rights, provides relief and helps support children in developing countries.	9
it's only fair.	9
are we attempting to agree on a donation amount?	9
people aren't likely to donate to charities that they know nothing about.	2
give me a minute , let me see	8
i propose we stick with our half plan.	9
yes i do	9
what do you think i should donate?	9
sounds like they really help education wise.	9
wow thats great.	9
if i'm in the right place at the right time or am given an opportunity.	9
i spend more than that on coffee every week!	9
do you know how someone can get involved?	5
how about you?	9
that will have such a big impact on their lives.	9
it always bothered me when folks would say '' need y'all to donate to me' and then decline to donate.	9
i accept that!	9
yes i donate to a few causes like breast cancer for women, autism awareness and march of dimes for children.	2
just not sure i'm willing to donate 0.50 cents	1
that's great.	9
it is the least we can do.	9
how are you?	9
not today but i'll definitely save the website for the future.	8
i just went there.	9
ok sure, i definitely donate my whole amount for this task.	9
yeah?	9
thanks for telling me about it.	9
such an important job!	9
i really like how they show where the funding and donations are spent.	9
i've given to a few charities before, but never this one.	2
have you ever donated to them?	7
me too, since i am a parent of 2 children myself.	9
ok. i'll believe you.	9
so how would i donate if i chose to do this today?	9
how do i do that?	9
do you agree?	9
i'll donate a $1.	9
switching tasks all the time can be very difficult.	9
of course nothing gets me more angry then seeing a child warrior soldier.	9
i'd be interested in donating to your cause	9
i'l do 20 cents	9
it's really hot here too.	9
well i hope that my $1.10 helps those poor children and when i dont need to rely on hits for money i'd love to donate more.	9
would donating one penny help	9
monthly or one-time?	9
haha.	9
yes, i have	9
i am pretty sure they do.	9
it depends on the charity!	9
the violence in syria is one of the saddest things happening in the world today, as far as i know.	9
i am not extremely familiar with them, but i have seen several ads for them.	9
i would lock into half.	9
i hope you do as well!	9
have you personally donated?	7
that's impressive.	9
that's so important.	9
can you?	9
how do i know my money will go where it supposed to?	5
do i get a receipt?	9
what is the charity?	9
how can i contact them	9
it depends.	9
that sounds like a very worthy cause.	9
sounds good to me.	9
i'm sorry, but i contributed to save the children back in the day before the scandal broke.	4
if it's what i think they have everything in their hands	9
im very good how are you doing today?	9
i do donate to ronald mcdonald house and st jude.	2
i don't know that i can donate a dollar.	6
alright, i will donate 25 cents.	9
that is not bad i could probably do that.	9
even they are not able to get good meal and got suffered from many malnutrition diseases.	9
the explanations you provided were very useful.	9
are there different tiers for donations available?	5
i would like to read a little about the charity before donating.	6
happy to be able to help such a worthy cause!	9
i was donate the amount of 10 cents......	9
have a great day.	9
i have thought about it before.	9
i think it's 10 exchanges	9
i already read few of their reports on their website.	9
i do not understand.	9
i will spread the word!	9
really sad situation.	9
i didn't realize that.	9
most of all save the children is a trustworthy organization which i trust to put my donations in with.	9
i kind of saw some stuff about them on the news.	9
things like that?	5
it was my pleasure	9
i am from usa.	9
how old are they?	9
mostly working on surveys, so how do you feel about children's charities?	9
sure!	9
yes, i have!	9
how are you today?	9
sure	9
tha k you for my awareness	9
that would be the most convenient thing for me.	9
i will happily donate my whole payment for this task. :)	9
i'm afraid for me, their reputation is still bad.	4
wow, i can't even fathom feeling starved as a child or experiencing violence at a young age (outside of television/video games).	9
those are very good questions.	9
i'm good.	9
ok how about 20 cents.	9
do you represent them?	5
are you going to donate also?	9
how long has save the children been helping people all over the world?	5
is there a way to donate other items such as clothes or my time?	2
i think it's great and i love that they help kids to reunite with their families.	9
well, i'm glad to hear such a good news from this organisation.	9
there are people helping but its a drop in the bucket.	9
i'd rather give to ronald mcdonalds especially since i know people who have personally benefited.	4
i always wonder how many people donate any bonuses that are offered to them.	9
no, i actually haven't .	9
i used to manage a store and we often picked childrens charities to give to.	9
i have but i can't say i am very familiar with what they do.	9
okay.	9
where are you from?	9
i can afford $5.00	9
what do you think of children's charities?	9
glad they are helping out	9
some don't give the money out like they are suppose to.	7
well that is great!	9
to be specific i worry about the homeless rate with children.	9
i would do anything to protect my son	9
oh absolutely!	9
i understand you too	9
62% is amazing.	9
i am from the midwest.	9
i tend to give up to 100$ a month to children's org- what is your prefered donation?	7
children are our future.	9
where is the charity located?	5
i think so.	9
nice!	9
i don't believe they can actually do that haha	9
i don't currently, i have donated to an animal shelter a few months ago however.	9
that is very good to know	9
i am thinking of 50 cents.	9
please tell me more.	5
lets do $1.00 for now but i am glad you have made me aware of an organization that i can look into in order to help others.	9
yes i have but don't know a whole lot about them since there are so many children related charities.	9
do you think that having kids had a big effect on whether on not you are willing to donate to a children's charity?	9
so you charity of choice is save the children?	9
i see, can you go into a little bit more details about some of the childhood related causes ?	5
it would be more, but not without more research.	9
how are you?	9
that is nice.	9
it sounds like fun.	9
pushiness does not make for a good salesperson.	9
i always like to know how the donations are spent.	4
that's wonderful!	9
are they well rated by the watchdog groups that keep an eye on non-profits?	5
what is the total revenue?	5
yes, $1 - thank you	9
welcome, thanks for talking	9
so if i decide to make a small donation, do i donate by using my mturk earnings?	9
that's nice.	9
againwhatroughly is the percentage that goes to the running of the charity and helping the children directly?	5
do you work for save the children or do you just volunteer for the charity?	9
i think this charity also helps with kids over seas in haiti too.	9
i guess they save children	9
i won't be donating as part of this survey.	1
sounds like they do a lot of different things for people.	9
it really breaks my heart. i wish i could help everyone in need.	9
great, so do we keep talking for like 4 more turns?	9
yes i have a child	9
would you prefer to donate clothes, food, money, or something else?	9
yes i know	9
do you regularly try to help the organization yourself?	7
yes somewhat.	9
i hope so.	9
that makes sense.	9
wow that is neat	9
thank you.	9
its so nice to see more poeple who care about them	9
if you care for this cause, then me donating my time should be sufficient	9
have a good day!	9
yeah, i like the name, i am curious about it, i would like to know some morea about it.	9
enjoy the rest of the day.	9
that's pretty awesome.	9
glad to see it goes to shelter, clothing, and food.	9
what does the charity do/what are my funds going to be used for?	5
donate to what charity?	9
i know, it always amazes me how many children are suffering around the world.	9
that is a good idea.	9
o i have heard of save the children.	9
what have they done in the past?	5
that would be real low on my list of priorities.	3
okay.	9
charity is a bad for that.	4
could you provide a breakdown of where that 14% goes?	5
that's an honorable reason. :)	9
that would work best for me.	9
i'm sure you love children, right?	9
that is awesome	9
oh, mine just says "children\'s charity" but does not mention any specifics.	9
we're here to talk about a children's charity, is that right?	9
i may donate something!!	9
ok will check it out	8
i suppose not.	9
sounds like quite the worthy cause.	9
know i have not.	9
how are you?	9
how are you?	9
ethical charities do.	4
okay, what are my options?	9
that is at least something.	9
okay. i can donate $20.	9
what specific countries do they help out?	5
do they provide for the millions of hungry kids here in the usa?	5
that's true.	9
thats horrible.. is this recent?	5
more about the charity?	9
no problem.	9
tell me more info otherwise you can donate to the charities that i know do extraordinary work and spend most of their donations on the children	5
thank you.	9
yes im looking at it now actually it seems like a great foundation	9
no i haven't	9
i have a needy child of my own, and know how desperate that can make you feel.	3
how do we do that	9
i really do not know much about children's charity, do you?	9
thank you very much, have a nice day.	9
you are really helping our country's children.	9
i want to donate at least 50 dollar maximum would be 200 dollar.	9
are you familiar with it?	5
i think helping children is an important thing as they are our future!	9
sounds like a blessed organization.	9
agreed.	9
its because i dont trust non profits	4
that is something i do not think about.	9
i just can't see any good being done.	4
what do they do exactly?	5
i'm glad that i can help others in need since i've been blessed a bit to help others.	9
however, every cent counts.	9
how would you go about donating to this cause?	4
how much do you give	9
where are you	9
ok great i have one for you also.	9
i agree with that.	9
what childrens charity is this?	9
mostly into hiking these days - how about you?	9
yeah, totally.	9
i do have a big family, i enjoy it at times, other times i don't	9
no, not really.	1
and how do you make sure some local warlord doesn't get in the way of the charity?	4
yes of course!	9
all of it seems a little steep!	9
where is this organization based?	5
and a few other local charities specifically for children.	2
go for it.	9
what are their goals?	5
a small part maybe.	6
glad to know it will go to a child in need.	9
i also usually focus that	9
yes, i am thinking of donating to a childrens charity and i can now consider save the children.	9
i can easily cut down on that to donate more to charity tho.	9
they are helpless.	9
that's crazy!	9
yes before yes	9
that sounds expensive	3
wow, that is a lot of kids in a lot of places to help.	9
that's good to hear.	9
great what time is it on?	9
yes i do, but i'm happy to donate to yours as well!	9
interesting.	9
i'll donate 20 cents	9
however i will donate later.	8
i will donate 10 cents.	9
yes, few dollars can save a child or can help a family to survive for a month.	9
there are many homeless adults and adolescents that do not know where their next meal is coming from, or if it will ever arrive.	0
its my pleasure	9
good things will happen to you when you do good things for others.	9
clear financial reports are a very good thing.	9
hi.	9
yes i've donated $ 150 to this year for this organization	9
do you like that charity?	4
how are you?	9
why do you don't want to donate?	7
sponsorship of a child might be interesting....i'd like to know what my donation is being used for, and that it's actually helping someone.	9
what about you?	9
i would be happy to listen.	9
that sounds like a good idea so what amount is the max i can donate?	5
it's a good charity.	9
yes i do.	9
ready to fund.	9
yeah lol	9
especially now with so many children separated from their families because of the immigration disputes, i hope they can help children here even in america as well!	9
that is amazing!!!	9
i typically give to local charities that use the funds to help in the community.	2
like when i was in my twenties, but these days i have only made donations to animal rescue groups within the past two years.	2
as of now i am donating $1	9
no, i cant .25 is the most i am willing to part with.	9
yes that is very true.	9
cool i never been how is it??	9
i know of many that i do not support due to the 6 figure salaries of the ceo.	4
what specific causes the charity donate to?	5
hello, i have heard of the organization but i am unfamiliar with what they do.	9
thank you.	9
we will donate today.	9
these are good things to donate for, but i still don't know exactly how my, or anyone's donations are used directly.	5
i would like to make a donation	9
have a good one!	9
0k here is a .25	9
when making the donation, what are the steps?	9
i'd rather donate my time or if i do donate money, it will be to a charity that's important to me of my choosing.	2
do they help kids in africa too	5
i could do that.	9
i then can see the money at work.	2
i like the sound of that.	9
i hope so, maybe i can do more in the future.	9
i agree!	9
i focus on kids and animals.	9
hello	9
i would be willing to donate a portion of my wages	9
hey!	9
i think that what is happening with save the children is a good idea.	9
yeah i heard a little bit about on how children are suffering.	9
i just worry money i donate doesn't get to the children.	4
i would love to donate $.50 cents	9
that sounds great.	9
i have!	9
i worry that my money won't actually go to the children, that it'll just be paying for someone's job at the charity.	4
thank you.	9
i would certainly increase my donation if it would be matched since the majority of it is going directly to the children	9
any organization that helps kids is one worth supporting, either with my own time or with money.	9
well it is not much but if everyone would give a little it would make a huge difference in this world we live in.	7
i'm good,how are you?	9
yes, that is fine	9
i don't think the weight of that burden should fall on the rest of the worlds shoulders.	7
ronald mcdonald house is the name i think.	9
ok i will donate some	9
yeah, i donate here and there.	9
i don' known it detailly	9
i will also tell others about this charity.	9
how do i do that?	9
okay i'll put it in my quarter if you put in yours and have an awesome day!	9
i see, you misspelled the charity at the beginning.	0
how do you feel about the work this organization does?	7
i don't make a lot.	3
i have a sister who is under eighteen.	9
wow that is a huge number isnt it	0
yes.	9
let's do that then.	9
yes i have heard	9
okay, it looks great.	9
is this organization christian or religious based?	5
are you aware of any childrens charities?	9
absolutely!	9
i like to learn about an array of different things.	9
yes i don't mind if there is a feature i can turn on where every hit i do, a few cents go to the charity of my choice.	9
i'm glad and happy to help!	9
i'm glad organizations like save the children are helping.	9
do you donate by the catalog or general donation?	9
hope you have lots of fun at the carnival!	9
what would my money do exactly	5
you were in military?	9
hi i am fine and yourself?	9
yes it is good to try and help in any way possible	9
i always prefer going through organizations i have researched to make sure they're reputable as well	2
i bet they have ways to set up recurring donations pretty easily.	9
i am not surprised to hear that at all.	9
that sounds like a good percentage and im glad it will give me a tax break as well.	9
i trust you.	9
we really dont have a big office so i dont think an office pool would get very much in donations	9
nice i like this group for many children save in the world	9
i think the bonus of today is 2 dollars so maybe if we both give half of it?	9
ok. than how is you family	9
that is amazing.	9
are you involved with them at all?	9
how do they define "program services", and do they have independent verification of those findings?	5
have a great day	9
if only the governments and politicians of the world would stop fighting and actually work toward that goal.	9
it sounds like a great charity.	9
could you pleas give examples of the large companies?	5
it is not necessary to donate hundreds of dollars.	9
5$ maybe, plus minus, why?	9
why should i donate to this one in particular?	9
oh, wow!	9
yes, 2.	9
what do they do?	9
could you name a couple of examples please?	9
i live in the us and wish we were doing more as a country to help these kids.	9
my kids are 4 and 7.	9
what are your dogs names?	9
i know that it is a good organization and i support them.	9
i'd like to look into this charity more before i donate as well.	8
what kind of health benefits to they provide to the children?	5
what do you think is the best solution or way to help for the average person like you or me to render aid?	9
so i like to donate $5 to the cause	9
ok-thanks-i will be waiting to hear from them	9
do you take credit cards?	9
is it a global charity?	5
save the children is a good choice.	9
are you having a good day?	9
i do	9
i would be willing to donate 5 cents today.	9
yes- i've donated to a similar charity before but it was based on supporting kids education	9
do i pay online or how do i go about it?	9
i used to volunteer often, but i have so little time it feels like now!	9
i hope lots of people donate to you.	9
i understad you	9
hello	9
yes it looks like a trustworthy organization with no doubt.	9
from the begining you ae talking about this chaarity only not others are you a member of this charity?	7
yes, i have.	9
no i think they use most of their donations to actually help children.	9
why....what's happen and which think do you get upset...?	9
i always like to see some report first.	4
that's is good	9
fine and you?	9
no thank you	1
is the charity international?	5
where do you came from?	9
i read that their are quite a few places that could use help.	9
no, but i would like to know more about it	5
it is great things to do	9
great and you are you going to donate	9
ok.	9
before i commit to a donation, can you tell me how much actually goes to the children and how much goes to the organization itself?	5
tlk to the people of that country.	7
what is the money used for mostly?food?toys?clothes?	5
i would not be interested in a charity that only targets children.	2
rather than to a scam organization that only contributes in their infomercials.	4
i think save the children is the biggest charity of it's kind.	9
great!	9
i think i have once before, in a grocery store i believe	9
hopefully it is for a good cause and not just a waste.	4
yes they will	9
children in this world is very important because they are so vulnerable and they are the future of this world.	9
nope.	9
hey, kind of tired but overall good.	9
i'm doing well.	9
that sounds great!	9
you're very welcome.	9
i am poor and i can relate to the children who are also poor.	3
hello	9
i would like to keep the payment for this hit.	1
tell me about bruce.	9
that sounds meaningful.	9
i don't have much money for myself either which is why i consider this to be my part time job.	3
how much do you think i should donate	5
no its ok i just like children because they need help	9
a lot of charities are just a name and they don't do what they promise.	4
i would do the same	9
sure, but first i need to know for what need will i donate and what organization	9
i understand that we will both be donating.	9
then we have came to an agreement that went vary smoothly it says up top "we encourage you to keep the conversation until a donation agreement is explicitly made so i think weve done .	9
does it have commercials on tv?	5
yes - someone needs to be looking out for those children!	7
do you donate to children's charities often?	9
that's true.	9
very true!	9
how does that equate to reporting financial information?	0
yeah, what do you think about st jude's?	9
sure can you send it to me	9
oh i see.	9
no this one time is good, thanks	9
i think it is also the right thing.	9
tha k you so much for the infkrmation	9
oh wow that is good to know.	9
no i would not	1
hello.	9
save the children sounds like a wonderful charity to donate to	9
donating money to them	9
well the have a great cause.	9
thank you for your kind words.	9
so are we agreeing to send $5 to save the children?	9
likewise to you.	9
where in the world are the children located?	5
oh ok. i love children's very much.	9
thank for answering my questions.	9
i have not.	9
important to make sure their basic needs are met too -- food, clothing and shelter	9
i do not know in my heart that this is not a scam.	4
shoot i am the biggest tight wad when it comes to trying to save anything for her.	3
i always donate most if not all of any money i am offered.	9
i guess in america you don't really understand what other countries go through.	9
wow that is a lot of options.	9
how are the donations made?	5
whatever my task payment will be.	9
approximately how many children per year receive help?	5
again, you're only giving me an opinion.	0
children are the future, and not only that, but they didn't ask to be born, so why should they suffer?	9
i think it is important to do all we can to help children.	9
i can donate 10 dollars.	9
what other organizations?	0
i did not have to worry about those things.	9
i wish there was a long-term solution to these problems.	7
i don't even know what the charity is.	5
i understand you , just asking, have you ever heard that some of this kind of charities steal the money?	4
the issue with children poverty has to change.	9
i sponsor through world vision.	2
hmm, i would like to, but i'm having some financial trouble at the moment.	3
i am good with donating $10 right now.	9
hello	9
they are the most vulnerable in society.	9
respond with your mturk number and i'll donate .50	9
that's nice.	9
yes, i can do that.....	9
i like to donate money and time to charities that help children so i also want to thank you for educating me on this charity!	9
i think i've seen their commercials.	4
so what are the amounts for donation accepted?	9
in what ways do they help children?	5
i'd do .15 with splitting	9
do you know that charity's mission?	5
is there a reason children in particular are so special to you?	9
i am very curious to how the decision is made and what type of medical care they plan to deliver.	5
i will donate 10 cents.	9
can you please explain more about it?	5
save the children	2
would i find additional information about this charity in guidestar?	5
what is the range of options?	9
i'm not donating to your children's charity.	1
what about you?	9
they are hungry and injured and also short	3
it's been great chatting with you and i hope you enjoy your weekend.	9
i wouldn't have the time off to do that.	9
how do i sign up?	9
i'm happy with that.	9
it was really nice chatting with you.	9
maybe, i'm not sure.	9
what are my options for donation?	9
how do you suppose we do that?	4
what would my donation go toward?	5
no, you may not draw that conclusion yet.	9
what is the one thing you would say to someone to encourage a donation?	5
have a great day!	9
is it an international charity, or exclusive to the us or another country?	5
i'll donate half of that.so $1.	9
i have a soft spot for children in general.	9
do you know where i can go to donate?	9
i would like to donate $2 then.thank you!	9
i find it very fulfilling to give back	9
and you?	9
100$ donate for group	9
what countries has the charity worked in recently?	5
people that demand perfect victims can donate to children's charities; i don't do that.	7
may your days be pleasant, as well.	9
i would consider a smaller portion.	9
i will donate 10 cents of my 30 cent payment.	9
you're welcome, is there anything else that i can do to help	9
whats their overall goal?	5
there is so much wasted in the world.	9
hi.	9
good, what do you think is the greatest social issue we are facing right now?	9
yes, please go ahead and tell me	9
how long have you been donating for?	7
nope.	9
i prefer to prioritize charities where lots of people don't like the victims.	2
how exactly does it support children in developing countries?	5
i can't stand charities where the top level execs make a ton of money	4
right, nice chatting with you.	9
i am good.	9
spend lots of money on beer	2
wow, that's amazing.	9
how do you receive payments?	9
hi!	9
yes i do, you've really inspired me tommy	9
what do you do in the organization?	9
ok that sounds great	9
yes i have, i think they are from the uk.	9
it sure does.	9
i don't usually have a ton of extra money so it's not an every month kind of thing for me but i try to give at least once a year.	3
it's going good so far this morning for me.	9
yes i have heard of them.	9
o.k. 20 cents for now agreed and regular for 6 months, o.k.?	9
yes, i think i have told about my donation and now waiting for the conversation to end.thanks.	9
oh, that's unfortunate, but i'll definitely check out all the information on their website.	8
i have heard about them.	9
what type of agreement are they talking about?	9
it's hard to ensure the money goes to the actual children tho	4
no need to share more information	9
what specifically would you like to talk about?	9
no, i honestly don't have any money.	3
i can participate directly through volunteer hours and i can also actually visit the children that i help through my family's donations.	2
i've been using mturk on and off for about half a year but the past month i've really commmited to doing tasks everyday.	9
this reminds me of ronald mcdonald as well	9
i do like the satisfaction of doing good work for and towards others.	9
yes, i have heard.	9
how do i know money will go to children and it's not a scam?	4
is there a follow up on to see how my money while little is may be is being put to use?	5
is it just in one country, or do they work around the world?	5
ha ha.	9
how much?	9
no, i can do it.	9
we see children going through difficult times including things like cancer and several other illnesses that are life-threatening.	9
sure, let's do it.	9
yes, i also like what they do.	9
hello there	9
for now, i'm happy with my current donation but maybe another time	8
nice!	9
oh i see so they have a website that i could learn more about them.	9
a request by a children's charity for a donation.	9
i do have a few questions first.	9
just to confirm, i'm donating 80% of my task amount.	9
no i am not can you explain?	5
i feel like our country does not focus enough on our issue with poverty.	9
how do you help?	5
always.	9
very good...are you interested in other charities involved with children	2
true, especially if you take part in donating.	9
i try to teach her about her rights because i think it is so important to know them.	9
that is absolutely terrible.	9
i can't afford a lot right now because i have other bills, but i could probably do $5 now with more next month.	9
ok. glad that we came to an agreement.	9
good morning, i think children are so important and charities that involve them are needed and we should participate our money or our time.	9
it's sometimes hard to focus	9
ok well i know it is important for them to have basic needs.	9
hey, i am fine!!	9
they're asking for $50, i was thinking more like $20.	9
what is save the children	5
thank you glad i was able to helpthis organization with my donation	9
i want to give a donation to help them.	9
to church, i return tithes and i also do the offerings	2
i work with children who have terminal illnesses.	9
ok done.	9
thats not my problem they have people in that country	7
you must be so releived.	9
i guess i would look them up sometime to find out more.	8
okay, so we are in agreement on the amount and donating, what else do we need to discuss?	9
i would gladly give my earnings to this charity.	9
that is great!	9
hello	9
it is extremely unfortunate that child hunger is so prevalent in this world.	9
you are a wonderful person.	9
great thanks, im here to talk about the childrens charity.	9
that is awesome.	9
oh so specifically in third world countries were they are mistreated or does it include first world countries as well?	9
i'm certainly willing to listen.	9
i am considering a donation.	6
i don't purchase coffee	0
i know some of them getreally large amounts for studies and i appreciate when they use the money to do some good while gaining research.	9
i will tell friends and family to visit the charities website also.	9
good morning!	9
amazing!	9
for sure.	9
perfect thank you for the information.is there a website where i can check it out and donate?	5
okay done.. thanks	9
i also ive to bakc to school drives and food pantries	2
my few cents would never go toward a children's charity.	1
i will be honest, what i had heard though wasnt positive.	4
how much is the average donation	9
half would work for me.	9
hello, how are you today?	9
since you are so into helping out kids	7
i'm good how about you?	9
how about .20?	9
i'll certainly review it.	8
no i havent.	9
yea...i was donate the charity of save the children.....	9
what a great idea!	9
okay i will check it.. by the way how much did you donate?	7
i'm sure that when i have kids, my thinking will change a lot as well.	8
thats great, thank you	9
yes its so sad how people can go about their day and not think of those who are in great need !	9
i think they are a trustworthy organization.	9
i have been research the make-a-wish foundation.	9
overall, i feel any donation is acceptable and could count towards a good meal for a child.	9
can i direct my money?	9
parents who don't have the necessary financial support to provide their children with the care they need.	9
please be specific about how it will help these children that save the children claims to be saving?	5
these days there are tons of people asking for donations for fake charities, it's sad.	9
ok.	9
you sure?	9
children should be our top priority all across the world.	9
you have idea donate to that charity	9
i agree!	9
i would be	9
right.	9
in one occasion trip to latin america and there the situation is very sad, many children live in the street without anyone	9
have a nice day!	9
so, save the children has somehow eliminated a high overhead cost.	9
yes, i do	9
i think i might donate mine too!	6
i would like more information to be sent to me so i could look into it	6
ok, that's great.	9
i am willing to match your donation.	9
i would be willing to donate to this organization.	9
hiya	9
no i am not, but like i said.	9
yes it is.	9
good morning.	9
ok.	9
you take care and have a good day.	9
children hold the future of the world.	9
i feel good about this.	9
i am sorry i am unable to help.	3
great!	9
and how is the charity promoted?	5
yes i will donate	9
generous?	9
i know it's not much, but wanted to do something.	9
i think about them so often.	9
okay, i will think about it.	9
yes i do,do you as well?	9
what about helping children who are living in poverty in america.	7
of course im hear to listen .	9
i usually donate like i would in real life...	9
how can someone help?	9
i hope you continue your donations.	9
i think you are a wonderful person.	9
much better.	9
hey, before i forget, i did not tell you about the weather here.	9
yes.	9
do you know what percentage of donations goes directly to programs (as opposed to overhead costs, salaries, and expenses)?	5
i made $100+ everyday last week on mturk and now all i have left is these low paying surveys	9
okay that is nice and simple.	9
yes, i have.	9
is there a specific age or race of children that save the children are looking to benefit?	5
i don't know much about that charity all all.	9
i'm sorry.	9
well i'm sure there is always more that can be done.	9
will the penny be taken from my mturk account?	9
yes everything counts, that's how it starts.	9
do you know of a good one?	9
save the children sounds like an amazing organization.	9
i am sure there are many ways to help	9
i've heard of them.	9
i think it's a scam	4
i'm glad a charity like that exists internationally.	9
people who have king heart must join as a member or sponsor a child i too refer some friends in m y circle	9
oh wow, i would also be interested in donating to that.	9
terrible thing that happens	9
health and education both are important factors	9
i think we each have to exchange 10 messages before i can do that	9
i do not have any children yet.	9
i've heard of them but other then that no not much how about you?	5
it's cloudy a lot, but otherwise fine.	9
5 dollars buys a latte, and i think it should be easy for me to give up a coffee a month.	9
i completely agree with you.	9
maybe i will have to do some research first.	8
i need the money as well	3
great.	9
the photo would be nice, it would let me know and connect with someone i am helping.	9
i will like to know about the opportunity first	5
i will give .20	9
agreed, which is probably what they want.	9
what children's charity would you like to donate money to?	9
how much are you donating?	7
i also want to make sure my donations are not going into the pockets of money hungry ceo's.	4
as in my weekly paycheck?	9
that's awesome, what other countries does it support besides syria?	5
i forgot to ask, how is the weather by you today?	9
they are a great organization.	9
i will happily donate 60 cents.	9
i hope that is adequate and helps them for food and shelter.	9
nice!	9
but its ok, i work every sunday.	9
i don't know which one and presumably talk about a donation to said charity.	9
would 60% of the task payment be enough?	9
i don't believe i have.	9
i have a small budget but know any amount matters.	9
very good.	9
well i will absolutely donate and tell some friends.	9
oh, thanks for the website, i am sure that it has a lot of information that i could use to learn more about it.	9
i have not visited the site but i have heard of them before.	9
no there is not	9
any amount i believe is good.	9
whether it'd be for back-to-school supplies or changing the lives of bright children.	9
do you have information about their charity rating?	5
that sounds wonderful!	9
glad to help.	9
do they help children from a particular country or is it all around the world?	5
but we can always try.	9
i am actually not sure.	9
it does.	9
we can help them out their physical needs like good cloths, probably orphanage (home to stay)	9
i have seen some of the images and video of the civil war there.	9
yes, i do.	9
i will.	9
very good today, just turking	9
i may give a few cents	9
i always try to donate anonymously.	9
perhaps i could help out a little.	9
i know!	9
yes 0.15 is correcr	9
no ill donate to local charities	2
if i donate to this charity your talking about i need to know the name and information to agree to a donation	9
i am glad i can help in anyway that i can.	9
definitely i like to help in anyway that i can to help children and animals.	9
ok i will be willing to donate $100.	9
sometimes , it depends on what types	9
if i had the money that some people have, i would form my own foundation specifically for under privileged children and those in need.	3
i'll still do $20 and go through the site.	8
certainly as long as i know the donation will help the children	9
either way its cool.	9
ok got it.	9
i guess so.	9
i will not donate anything $0.	1
wow that is wonderful.	9
children and animals are the most precious of god's creations.	9
what do i do now?	9
this goes into a different fund.	1
ok cool is there a website?	5
it is really sad that save a child exists, the world should be a safe place for children and there should be no need.	9
i would like to donate 20 cents	9
you have convinced me that this is a great, trustworthy charity to donate to.	9
how transparent are they about uses of their funds?	5
the more the merrier however anything as little as 10 cents can make a huge impact	9
i will donate more than $100	9
through internet ads?	5
i've been following the news about family separations very closely.	9
what are they?	9
i have thought about it in the past.	9
how much is the typical donation amount usually?	9
you too.	9
do you already donate to them?	9
do you know how many children have been helped due to this organization?	5
sure i will donate 30%.	9
oh wow, so i could just go ahead and do like $25 million?	5
that sounds fantastic!	9
yes.	9
yes, i would like to donate at least one dollar to help save the children.	9
i agree all the way that they are the best creations of all.	9
i will take the option of donating into consideration.	8
how much many are we talking and how you want me to pay	9
so you think monetary donations are the best course of action?	9
the charity sounds like it is doing some good work in an area that badly needs it.	9
i will donate half of my earnings.	9
feeling great.	9
what was the monetary donation you were seeking?	9
go right ahead.	9
wow!that's really great!	9
have you?	9
yes you can count on my donation	9
me 2.	9
i have seen a lot of people do the same.	9
does save the children help find a place for refugees?	5
what other organizations would you consider?	7
how does the organization go about determining who and where to support?	5
no thank you for the work that you do	9
i am mostly aware yes.	9
do you know how much of the donation goes to the children?	5
i live in new york	9
i think i'll probably donate at the end of this conversation.	9
i would be willing to donate $200	9
i thinkit's important to support initiatives to help children get a good education, and have the things they need to go to school and learn.	9
do they have a donation tier level?	5
what types of children's rights?	5
i'm doing very well thank you!	9
there are many scams out there that take more to profit then to actually help the kids.	4
awesome, i'll head over there right now and support it thank you.	9
yeah i know how donation works.	9
their lives were in danger constantly from the threat of terrorism.	9
i feel bad about only giving $5, do you think we should give more?	5
that is amazing!	9
i have seen a lot of commercials on tv for it.	9
they also don't disclose their funds	4
thanks!	9
our children and grandchildren are so blessed.	9
that is all i can afford	9
i have a bunch of baby clothes inwant to donate as well.	9
i'm doing well!	9
i have!	9
you do make a point.	9
oh!	9
well, i know i said $5, but i think i will make it $10.	9
and they let you know what type of progress is occuring both with your child and the community in general.	9
i already help an organization but would be glad to help another one too.	2
nope 1 is cool	9
i wish they can help even more countries	9
they do a lot for kids	9
i haven't donated to them, which is good apparently.	9
it was nice talking, thanks for all you do.	9
yes i would.	9
with some charity you never know just how much really goes to help the kids.	9
i wish i could give more, but i am broke	3
i think it was from save the children.	9
ok ill give that	9
actually, their own website may be a biased barometer of their giving.	4
yes, i believe it is good to be ethical.	9
would that help?	9
unfortunately, i have to take care of my kids, too, and can't afford to help more.	3
what are your donations used for?	5
i donate sometimes.	9
i sometimes question charities that i don't really know	2
i am more interested in this.	9
thank you for the lovely chat and educational information.	9
do they help children in africa	5
what exactly happened to these children's?	5
so i donate that charity	9
and what do you do at the organization?	5
how much goes to administrative costs?	5
it takes a lot to fix this country already so your effort is definitely astounding.	9
that really isn't an answer to the previous question, though	0
sure, i will donate 50 cents to them.	9
no i have not...what is it about?	9
what do you do as a volunteer for this charity?	5
what about your job	9
im not sure that i am so fortunate and every a penny saved is a penny earned, but i do see your point.	3
how can you assure me?	9
thank you for your time.	9
it sounds familiar to me, could you tell me more about it?	5
how are you?	9
sometimes i question the actual impact of money donated to charities.	9
i have been scammed before.	3
i think they might even help in hawaii with the recent floods, don't you think?	9
you can see photos and videos of your sponsor child and his or her community.	9
that's nice of you.	9
good point, i think i may consider it	6
yes .	9
as i recall, for save the children, they were given a bad reputation back in the '90s due to their excessive spending on administration costs vs. program expenditures.	4
thank you for your recognition.	9
sure, i will match your $0.50.	9
i do donate sometimes, yes.	9
thanks.	9
well that seems better than some i have read about.	9
what does 5 dollars get these children?	5
i would certainly be willing to donate then	9
i think its just the perspective of the person but we all inheriently want to help as much as we can.	9
yes i have- i feel its violence too	9
yes i have two a boy and a girl.	9
what sort of assistance do they offer specifically?	5
what kind of situations do they work with?	5
that sounds really cool.	9
sure, i will donate 10 cents	9
do they need clothes as well?	5
i'm not a nurse though, and couldn't possibly travel to africa or anywhere else.	9
that would be so sweet of them.	9
good charity.	9
no i am not.	9
thanks again for chatting with me.	9
how long have you been donating?	9
if a charity is doing good work to feed the hungry, i will give what i have to spare.	9
o.k. task done	9
i took a look at the website.	9
absolutely.	9
do you have an amount in mind?	9
hey, i am doing well	9
not really.	9
yes, i might have to wait until my check arrives.	8
thank u sir	9
how do people donate to the charity?	9
i can imagine, that is horrible.....	9
what is it about?	5
i am somewhat of a tight budget, but i always make room for good causes.	9
very good, do you think they may just get the money and dont help no one?	4
is that even worth it?	9
which is why i trust them.	2
i will copy and save the website address.	9
how do i know my money goes to the cause and not just to the pockets of the people that run it.	4
yeah , i agree it is a great charity, but i prefer to donate to st jude	2
it's so sad to me that anyone should go without food in our modern world.	9
that is very awesome.	9
would you mind telling me about it?	9
i really hope this will somehow help to enhance the current situation of kids who are in need of money	9
yes! i said that's a fair point.	9
could you quickly tell me about it	5
education is must for everyone in the world.	9
plus it is good for celebs because it gets people to have soft spots for them.	9
i appreciate you telling me about this organization and directing me to their website.	9
sure i will donate 20 cents.	9
you as well.	9
similiar, i only donate when i have the money to spare.	9
that sounds good with me, however now i am thinking perhaps i should donate more, what do you think?	9
i have never been to the site.	9
that's nice.	9
i've never heard of that one.	9
in what way?	9
but i would like to give more than a measly $2.	9
same to you!	9
my charity of choice is the italian gryhound florida rescue group.	9
$5.00 i would donate	9
i would be glad to make a $10 donation	9
that is correct.	9
how long have you been doing that?	9
no.	9
i'm so gonna support it!	9
no can you tell me a little about it	5
i just read about a charity called the project linus, a group that supplies security blankets for terminally ill children.	9
okay, thank you.	9
i'm good.	9
i think so, it said we need to get to 10 turns of the conversation each, this is my 8th lol	9
how did save the children help?	9
where did you get that information and who specifically is the money going to?	5
i would be interested in making a donation	9
i think our must move cautiously to deal with this country.	9
do they help children right here in america	5
thanks, that is awesome	9
i'm not sure if i want to, but i can give a little.	6
how would this donation be made?	9
i would be willing to give 10 cents of the 30 cent payment to help save children.	9
okay..and how are you	9
i know it is possible for everyone to have enough food and water.	9
i am not willing to donate from my study payment as this money is vital to me.	3
therefore we should do our best to make that happen	9
i see - how many years have you been with them	9
words are just words sometimes.	4
you are welcome; anything for the children i say!	9
of course i could do so from my paypal	9
i need to know these things before i donate even if it is as little as $2.	4
who runs the organization now?	5
yeah i try to do that too.	9
yeah, i have used gospel for asia in the past	2
i have not.	9
what kind of payments do you take?	9
do they?	9
yeah, i mean, i guess	9
i would give it all if i weren't	9
that is terrible.	9
i'd love to visit one of their facilities.	9
probably more.	9
so do i provide my email to you?	9
i would love to help.	9
it's good to be able to help someone else out and have it be easy and painless.	9
you too my friend	9
what do you have in mind?	7
you're right!	9
yes, i absolutely would.	9
i'd be willing to donate $.05.	9
i know a little bit.	9
i have not heard of this charity before!	9
no, i do not waste any money, right now school is about to start and she has no school supplys or anything new for school.	1
have you ever heard of evangelism?	0
there are many charities for children than just that one.	2
how about .50 cents	9
oh nice thats sounds likes a good cause	9
i appreciate you trying to get me to though.	9
it looks really good and professional.	9
helping people makes people feel good	9
that is so nice of you.	9
usually i donate more to charities in my community, but international donations are important too.	2
i'd be willing to donate a dollar or two	9
interesting.	9
this hit is a rip off, taking far too much time.	9
every other month or so, but not to them	9
children are more deserving in my opinion, because they are unable to care for themselves.	9
thats awesome!	9
that's always good, it's not good to donate somewhere that they don't give to what they're supposed to be donating to	4
i agree.	9
i'd like to try and donate at regular intervals, like every month.	9
i donate to many local charities in my city.	9
yes that is	9
we must help the children to give education.	9
what do they do?	5
i think we have to complete 10 turns, so here's to another one!	9
what hobbies do you like?	9
great! thanks so much and i'm just so happy to be able to donate	9
i would donate some clothes and some toys for children	9
thank you	9
i can give $0.60 cents.	9
you?	9
oh thats very easy then	9
i've seen companies go to 70% and i can't help but judge them for it.	9
that's a whole lot of rice and flour.	9
i'm afraid i don't know anything about save the children.	9
i'd donate 50 cents of my payment.	9
what do they do to help children?	5
how are you doing?	9
what are your thoughts?	9
how do i know if it's a legit organization	4
i like to learn as much as i can about an organization before donating.	9
i guess i could throw them .10	9
ok, i will consider doing that.	6
oh wow ok how much do you suggest?	9
make a wish is really cool.	9
for example, myself being from albuquerque new mexico, the number of homeless children and teenagers is heartbreaking. and what about you?	9
how much do you think that i should give?	9
i hate to be so prejudicial, but i care about the kids around me more than ones i cannot see!	9
thank you again for donating $10 to save the children.	9
no.	9
it really upsets me	9
awesome.	9
what areas of the world do they cover?	5
i have to get going.	9
i have heard of save the children but i'd rather keep my donations us-based	2
but that's pretty cool what they do.	9
how would i go about donating today	9
super.	9
did you have any worries about food, shelter, safety, etc.?	9
i have helped at soup kitchens before but that's my own extent	9
what types of programs does it offer?	5
i would like to donate money to a charity to help this cause	9
hello!	9
yes i do	9
interesting.	9
where is the charity based out of?	5
nice talking you.	9
i am glad to help.	9
i love it when celebrities bring attention to causes.	9
i have a cousin who works with mercyship.	9
do you currently volunteer with this charity?	9
awesome!	9
not only are they ravaged by the volcano, now a hurricane.	9
so sad.	9
is there another way to donate?/	9
you are very welcome.	9
okay, if you don	9
another charity i read about is reach out and read, they supply used books to doctors offices to help kids read by educating the nurses on talking to parents about the importance of reading.	9
i'm not going to donate.	1
also, when you do it yourself, it is a lot more rewarding.	2
if we can donate alot to these organizations alot can be accomplished in the world.	9
thanks very much, nice speaking to you.	9
what do you need me to do?	9
so you think they do some actual good?	9
i can't afford much.	3
that's great!	9
we still have chat a bit more.	9
i could even go for the whole $.30 if you want.	9
darn really gonna make me miss out on that bad of chips huh?...lol how about $1.15 and you have yourself a deal...	3
how would i know that the money is actually being used to help children and not just pocketed by the people that run the c harity	4
alright then i'll donate half of whatever i can.	9
i couldn't imagine not being able to supply food for my kids.	9
thank you!	9
yes like 5 dollars	9
i will absolutely look to donating something later, just because i have always wanted to anyways and now this so why not.	9
yes, sometimes with non profits	9
i have an idea.	9
is there an upper limit?	9
thank you too.	9
no problem.	9
yes i understand.	9
it makes me feel that even though not enough i have done a little something.	9
they want to make sure it doesn't happen to the ones that come after us.	9
yes they will	9
i agree.	9
do they help people here in the usa?	5
the payment of the task is 30 cents, i would donate 10c	9
its all good bud.	9
have you ever sponsored a child?	7
vancouver.	9
however, i am of the opinion that we should provide relief to causes in our country first.	7
no i will not until i do further research.	1
or a whole lot of bandages.	9
what does save the children do?	5
how are you?	9
finnnnnne take the $1.25.	9
i'm surprised i've never heard about it! how do i know if it's legit and if money really go to help those kids	4
does it come from our reward/bonuses?	9
or do you donate to other ones also?	7
i would not be willing to donate, because i have never seen any impact made by their organization.	2
that's really good to hear!	9
do you donate to them?	7
i like the sound of that!	9
my life is going good.	9
i have a passion for helping children also.	9
yes, i do.	9
like most people who do mturk, i do really need the money to pay my bills.	3
i am not sure i am just very biased	4
thank you so much!	9
i wish i could give more.	9
okay, i might donate	9
they are our future exactly.	9
that is a noble cause.	9
its paying me .30	9
i'm sorry	9
if i make donations now, they are in-kind donations rather than monetary donations.	2
what do you think?	9
where do i sign up?	9
no i have not but i am interested!	9
yes i do	9
yes i have.	9
it is the least i can do for him.	9
i assume save the children would be able helping children in three world countries.	9
yes i do think that they do.	9
hi!	9
i bet the kids there are in need.	9
could i pledge $1/day to start with?	9
what do they support exactly?	5
no, i hadn't ever thought about helping them before.	9
just got back from the gym	9
if that was the case, than we might not be in this problem.	9
is there a monetary goal set for the year?	5
i think that is a very good charity that appears to be doing good work.	9
thank you,i just want to help this world and especially the children within it and save the children is doing that job	9
awesome.	9
i would if i could.	9
if only all kids were so lucky.	9
i think i will donate to them today too.	9
you are very welcome!	9
i'd rather send the money on my accord, rather than have it deducted.	9
i will be sure to donate.	9
i do know save the children.	9
they have a lot of information there.	9
so what is this about anyway?	9
i have as well.	9
that's good.	9
do you know if they are a trustworthy organization?	4
i will donate within 3 months	8
yes i sure will do donate.	9
yes i cant wait to be able to do more in the future yes it does feel good to know that will be going to a much better cause	9
i make donations to charity regularly but not from jobs that i do.	2
hi	9
i am hoping that things will change soon.	9
so if i donate will 100% of my donation go to a child?	4
you do have to be skeptical though	9
is this charity local?	5
i could maybe help can you tell me more about it where is it based out of and how much will actually be used for the cause?	5
would you whole heartedly donate?	4
oh!	9
i'm glad they do that but there are many charities that claim to do the same thing.	7
ugh that is rough..nobody deserves that in this world	9
ok ....what kind of charity to provide a donation...?	5
i usually just try to go with half for these things.	9
ok, sounds good.	9
that sounds like a great idea!	9
that's good.	9
i can spare a quarter if it helps.	9
and thanks for helping!	9
yeah, i have one, but i don't use the camera.	9
and you?	9
ok, well thank you for your time and telling me about this wonderful organization.	9
are we supposed to mutually agree to both give a certain amount?	9
i have an old nikon 360 camera that takes film.	9
that is an incredible figure!!!	9
yes, and it all adds up at the end of the month especially when you're also struggling to make ends meet.	9
i do not want to donate any of my reward for this hit.	1
very cool, i have heard of them but never looked into them too closely.	9
children are one of the worlds most important assets.	9
i can donate a dollar for now since i don't have much right but i feel obligated to at least donate something.	9
it was quite the scandal and they became a watchword for bad charities.	4
anything that helps children succeed is definitely a great cause	9
what type of people or who manages this fund?	5
you too!	9
really?	9
what is the donation for?	9
i hope i can still participate in the chats without donating.	9
it is a nonprofit charity if i recall.	9
i'm glad you're enjoying it.	9
i don't have much. how about .25?	9
i'll be honest with you, i have made donations to children's charities in the past.	2
heart breaking.	9
yes, it is a worthy organization and i do believe that it helps in many substantial ways.	9
i have heard about it.	9
childrens charities are important to increase awareness for diseases and disabilities.	9
how much can i donate?	9
ok that sounds easy enough.	9
sure, i'd be glad to donate $0.25 to save the children.	9
that's nice.	9
you are welcome and thank you for bringing my attention to such a well deserved charity!	9
how do you have experience with them?	9
why are you passionate about this particular one?	9
i am not sure i know what save the children is.	9
thanks so much!	9
do you know where save the children mainly operates out of?	5
it's not much, but i don't have much money.	3
it was a pleasure talking to you as well!	9
doing good.	9
of course, especially poor children	9
it's heartbreaking!	9
oh ok then $50	9
well that is really great.	9
i have not heard of save the children?	9
they seem to be.	9
how do they help children?	5
hows $0.50 sound?	9
thank you!	9
i can't imagine not being able to see my son!	9
i feel much better donating to places where i feel confident that the moneyis going to where they say it will.	9
that way i know where my money is going.	9
i haven't!	9
yes, in fact ill most likely give ten thousand	0
i will donate all of my payment.	9
i have heard that they work hard to give kids a better life.	9
especially animal organizations.	7
hmm, i can do maybe 100.	9
where does the other 10 cents go then?...and i guess it's a good thing i decided to give them that dollar then =)	4
that is not bad	9
how they managing in 120 countries?	5
do you work for them directly how did you get involved in this?	7
what part of the world will it go to?	5
we have a school here in my small town for children from broken homes.	2
i need a little more information, if thats not too much to ask?	5
yes, a few times before	9
i see, so i am thinking of donating half.	9
i am doing good and you?	9
i see they are top rated charity	9
ok, sounds good.	9
is this organization a 501(c)(3)?	5
how long has the organization been established and what is the success rate of the program?	5
sure.	9
nice!	9
what will you do with this money.	5
sure i would love to	9
i do think it is a good cause.	9
so how did you decide what was right for you?	9
where, on their website?	9
it was nice speaking with you! :)	9
yes, thank you.	9
i\'m not going to donate to some generic "save the children" charity with no information.	1
it's a very long story that begins with me witnessing a severe animal abuse (cats) case in my town.	9
what is the minimum dollar amount?	9
so lets agree we both can give $1 of of bonus.	9
it does.	9
of course i have no way of knowing no matter what you answer, but are you a real person?	9
could you please tell me more about this charity?	5
it's not that we don't all have our own struggles, but it's just on a completely different level.	9
that sounds good, deal	9
that's amazing.	9
i think childrens charities are a worthy cause.	9
what is the standard monthly donation someone usually gives.	9
yes i am	9
i can't donate less than 0.50?	0
let's make a donation.	9
how are you?	9
ok thank you sounds good,	9
i have to go to work at 11:30-6.	9
i have not heard of that charity.	9
i am also laughing .didn't tell anything	9
powerful people cause war and war cause hunger, and we average people sit on our chair try to donate some money to the poor	7
that is awesome then i will donate $1.	9
i will do that.	9
if there isn't coverage then people tend put it out of their minds.	9
what kind of children's charities do you think are the most important?	5
that would be something i would do, yes.	9
yes, i'm interested.	9
if everyone would just give something, everyone could have food and a warm place to sleep.	7
i really need the money that i'm earning for this task, so i feel like giving 10 cents to this charity is fair.	9
great!	9
sounds like a good charity.	9
you too!!!!! :d	9
no, i haven't.	9
very welcome.	9
in which regions are the donations applied?	5
sure!	9
oh i would donate money too even it 5 dollars	9
glad to help	9
i hope it is not too severe.	9
yes- the war in syria had traumatized many children	9
oh, that is nice!	9
i will donate 50 cents	9
i really do want to participate but i can't make any donations today.	1
how much of donations go to the kids?	5
i make large donations every year so my budget is limited.	2
i am i am thinking of people here i dont care about the rest	2
do they have a car?	9
i knew it was a large number, which is one of the things i was thinking save the children could help with	5
i would like to donate	9
yes i do i actually watch a family on youtube that raises money every year live streaming for save the children and all the money they receive goes to save the children	9
i like to help since people have helped me	9
okay, that sounds reasonable	9
you are welcome.	9
however there are lots of kids in my ocuntry that need help first	7
it was lovely chatting with you.	9
and you likewise to ask.	9
my life is awesome and your?	9
i am well, how are you?	9
out of the earnings i earn from this survey i would probably donate at least half.	9
the life of a child is always worth saving.	9
what would benefit me towards donating my $2 to the save the children fund?	9
i plan on doing some more surveys, then taking a drive up on the parkway and have a picnic.	9
thanks.	9
i little bit of know save the children life.	9
i guess that is true.	9
hi how are you	9
i was not aware there were many children in need of help in the us	9
what about you?	9
$35,000,000,000.00	9
i'd be fine with donating $1.00 though and i'd keep the other.	9
i was wondering why you were talking about "save the hold ten" vs. "save the children."	0
i can't decide which onne.	9
great idea!!	9
unfortunately i am having some money troubles right now so it's a little hard for me to promise any significant amount of money at the moment.	3
thanks for the info i will check it out	9
if i donated to every cause i would be giving away a lot of money and i already lose 20% to taxes.	3
good	9
it sounds like a good idea, but i often get peppered with requests to donate money to various charities -- when i donate i do it to causes that i know about.	2
that is so sad	9
i am well.	9
i dealt with that more when i was working.	9
are you certain that the money will be used the right way?	4
good choice	9
i would if i had a specific break down or list of what programs the donations support.	5
what do you think?	7
i'm kinda broke at the moment, though.	3
i will donate 20 cents	9
ok $25 sounds ok	9
thanks so much.	9
sorry im getting off topic.	9
have you ever done any donation to this charity?	7
i know, it's also so sad the the more nutricious foods are always the most expensive.	9
i'm not sure if i'm donating to you or if you're donating to me.	9
that's very impressive, i am glad that i am donating this charity now that i know more about them.	9
when you become so passionate about something like this, you would want the world to become more involved in this passion of yours.	9
this company looks more like a firm than a charity	4
i might donate	6
it makes me feel like life is so unfair, and those of us who can help, should.	9
oh, i didnt know we could do another one?	9
i see no reason not to help this charity.	9
where can i read more about this organization and possible give a donate?	5
you are pretty awesome yourself!	9
yes i do, because it is need.	9
i'm ready to donate, tell me how!	9
do you have any personal connection with that charity?	9
that is good.	9
that is what i like to hear!	9
you shouldtype the samething and if perhaps if you know anything about the charity, share it?	9
what happened?	9
haha that's true!	9
hi.	9
they sound like a good charity to donate to	9
how would i go about this?	9
yeah hopefully	9
that is all your opinion.	0
that is very interesting.	9
i am not familiar with save the children	9
ah..what do you consider a fair donation per month	7
i don't really have a team, but i like baseball.	9
well, is this a lobal charity that will be using my money to spread across their whole organization or will it help buy these children new schools which is a cause that i am really passionate about?	5
oh wow, shocking news.	9
yes i would be interested in doing so	9
you've been great.	9
i don't really remember much about it but i know the basics	9
sure, i'm happy to donate half the payment for the hit	9
personally, transparency is especially vital.	9
that is so heartbreaking.	9
what exactly does the money do for them?	5
that is amazing.	9
sure.	9
yes pleas do	9
very well, how about you?	9
i would.	9
okay.	9
that is a great cause.	9
right, it will probably have to be 80% of my task payment then.	9
i will not donate, because i do not trust the charity, and my donations would be better used right here in my own community.	4
hello there!	9
but this group sounds great!	9
okay, i will make a donation for $10.	9
i am how are you doing?	9
have a good evening	9
maybe i'll consider donating to them	6
is there any concrete proof that they do?	4
have you heard any break thought about this charity?	5
what do we need to work out and what would this donation be for?	9
oh that's great and makes me feel better!	9
that sounds like an amazing charity.	9
oh at least a thousand	0
can't complain, youreslf?	9
that would be alright.	9
i would like to learn more about this organization.	5
i am an informed donor and want to make sure my money is really helping these children	5
maybe	9
yes, definitely.	9
i will look at it in the future.	8
i work with children more in an "urban" setting that are incredibly in bad circumstances.	2
thank you.	9
what kind of stuff do they do to help the children?	5
can you help me with that.	9
i will.	9
lol im sure a lot of people only donate like a penny if that.	9
lol.i'm not a bot......	9
is it reputable?	4
is $20 okay?	9
i've heard of it.	9
how can i help?	9
i have not.	9
i will donate $0.25	9
i'm not sure how much i'd be willing to donate.	8
i would like to donate about 0.50 to the charity	9
i think we should donate at least 17 dollars but less than 19 dollars	9
that's a big plus for me.	9
im pretty sure that if you want someone to donate to a cause you treat them nicely	9
good thanks!	9
yeah, i think an american charity should focus on america too	2
yes, some of these universities really impress me with how much they are willing to donate.	9
i reviewed the site quickly.	9
if you have nothing to hide then this would not be a problem.	9
i suppose that is true.	9
oh, ok.	9
what roughly is the percentage that goes to the running of the charity and helping the children directly?	5
im happy to help	9
yes of course	9
85 cents to 1.35 around here	9
i just can't see doing that.	1
i can donate the .30 base payment but i am still very curious on donating outside the hit.	9
happy to help.	9
but i"m always willing to help!	9
what are the amounts for monthly subscriptions?	5
that's very interesting, sounds like they do good work.	9
sure, do you like donations?	7
you're missing the entire point of what i said if you think downloading that report means something.	4
yes..i am very familiar..	9
does save the children has the offices there?	9
i have not heard of save the children before.	9
hi, how are you?	9
sure.i would be glad to. how much money do you think i should give?	5
where can i go to send it?	5
will i be getting any sort of reward as well?	5
on my side i don't have information about the task, only that we are trying to come up with a donation agreement.	9
not only in the usa, but around the world.	9
i would be interested in doing do, however i must tell you i am generally very skeptical about charity orginizations in general.	4
i love that so much of it goes towards the children	9
personally, i always round it up to the nearest dollar for any charity i feel connected to.	9
yes, i agree.	9
it's not easy for me to give anything and no charity has ever helped me.	3
i think i will donate $1, it only seems fair.	9
no, i didn't see anything.	9
have you ever donated?	7
i will try to donate at least five dollars.	9
what forms of payments are accepted?/	5
ah..	9
do you do any volunteer work?	9
that way nobody can question anything.	9
oh ok thats nice	9
what types of programs do they offer?	5
you also have a good day	9
yes definitly develop for education	9
im a perfect world where i had all the resources and money i could stand, i would love to be a philanthropist.	9
do you know if the donations that we are making are tax deductible?	9
how are you?	9
do you know anyone that has worked for them?	5
thats sad so many children were killes	9
the poverty there is a lot higher than what we are used to seeing and it can be shocking.	9
are you a cubs fan?	9
i can donate .10 of my mturk earnings.	9
it is nice to know that!	9
what is their goal?	5
how do i donate?	5
no problem thank you for telling me about this wonderful charity!	9
especially if they are children.	9
i usually do donate to charities	2
i am.	9
how is your day going so far?	9
have you ever donated to them?	9
we are pretty lucky to have been born in the united states.	9
okay.	9
how are you?	9
there is quite a bit of training and background checks, but it's worth it!	9
i took a little time to look up information on the organization, but didn't see that.	9
this will be ten for each of us.	9
yes, i hear they feed starving children all over the world.	9
i would really like to help.	9
most people wouldn't give anything and it makes me really happy to meet someone that would help with whatever they can.	9
wonderful!	9
a little, what do they do?	5
actually i am not donating like this.. if i would like to donate money i will give food and clothes to the kids directly	1
how do you raise donations?	9
do they provide medical help too though?	5
hi	9
it sounds like a meaningful charity.	9
i am excited to know we can help out a children's charity.	9
he was in the end i think, this is the kind of things i have about our civilization , many dnt have to eat and many waste their food, its not right	9
are you based in america? are you an american?	9
i would donate	9
what would donating like that help inform me on the charity?	9
i think charities that provide for a broad array of services are more ideal than focused because they target many people	2
yes that is true.	9
very good and you	9
not my time anymore no...too busy	9
i'm proud too.nice working with you.	9
boy and girl.	9
yes i am very interested!	9
i'm often skeptical of big charities like that.	4
do you accept monthly donations of smaller amounts?	5
what do i need to know about them?	9
how much do you donate?	7
i think this is all very interesting stuff.	9
what?	9
i should do more to help.	9
i think i would feel good about half and if you are inclined to donate as well that would be fabulous.	9
mostly working on surveys	9
it was great chatting with you.	9
it is so satisfying to know you are making a real difference in someone's life, and maybe in many lives.	9
sure, i'll donate $0.05.....	9
oh i bet. i would love to hear stories about the children that have been saved	9
anything else i should know	5
of course i am very interested to donate funds to charity	9
my money is more wasted on drive thru getting coffee.	0
in my church we help people no matter their age, but children are special for us	9
charity is a good way to get a collective group of people to make a change in the world.	9
i think i have seen commercials on tv advertising the charity.	9
thank you.	9
where does it mainly operate?	5
helping children and pets is one of the donations i enjoy making and helping at the same time.	9
iwork in an office setting as well, i guess we are to talk about childrens charity's.	9
how much of the donations goto the children and the effort?	5
wow, it is great that these children have a charity to help them.	9
i am born and raised in florida	9
good luck to you in your job search, things will be bettter for you in the future.	9
hurricane season is upon us, so i'm keeping a really close eye on that.	9
what did you get him?	5
wow.	9
ok, i'll do $1 but i want to know your mturk worker id to prove it's a person	9
lets leave it at that.	9
doing good you?	9
do you have anything like that?	9
no i have not	9
i do sometimes whe i have extra money	2
ok are we to decide annamount?	9
although it is not much money for us its makes a huge difference to the children from what i have seen.	9
that really is terrible to think about.	9
sounds like a good charity.	9
yes i also like to donate to the children without parents and relatives.	9
i feel like they'll just take my donation and get their tax credit.	4
i can see how he'd be really devoted to the organization, given the impact they had on his life.	9
i feel very bad for the children in syria.	9
how much to you plan on donating today considering that we may get a bonus?	9
is that the organization that is helping single parents obtain support from absent parents?	5
same.	9
i think it would really help them out	9
i was wondering that.	9
okay,so we are in agreement on the paymentto the charity.	9
just out of curiosity, what developing countries does this charity focus on ?	5
work here is the other thing, my donation comes from my other payment	8
ya fine morning what about you	9
although that one is easier to spin as seeking more money to fund more projects.	0
i like to support organizations that are christian based and help further the spread of the gospel to all of god's children.	9
hai whats up	9
not really.	9
yes, what would this charity be doing to save the children?	5
no i would be interested in learning	9
i am always worried if i donate it will just go to some higer up that is living the high life.	4
if i define what makes me happy in life is to look and my beloved happy man	9
i'm lucky to feed myself and my children, but i believe i could probably manage to send $5	3
how much am i allowed to donate?	9
are you talking about around the world or in the states?	5
yes i believe it most definetly will make a big impact on others lives and its amazing to see such kind hearted people like yourself do so.	9
hey, is there a limit?	5
3 dollars	9
i don't have any experiences like that but i'm sure it must have been very difficult and scary to go through that as a child.	9
so it's not that i don't care about the children elsewhere, just want to help those at home first.	2
i could donate 10 cents.	9
do you have any more information about it?	5
that's good to know that almost 90 percent of all donations go directly to help children.	9
i have not heard about it.	9
sure, go ahead	9
are you familiar with the one where they make dreams come true?	9
thank you very much	9
what kind of children's charities do you know about?	5
i accept your view and it is necessary that everyone should contribute at least to some extent to children's charity	9
so, above it says, "we encourage you to keep the conversation until a donation agreement is explicitly made."	9
really?	9
do they help kids in africa	5
ok, sounds great!	9
it was syrian children in a classroom, they were coloring pictures.	9
i don't like to donate to for profit businesses.	4
what does the organization provide?	5
you have a good day as well.	9
i have kids here that need help first	7
anything else i should know about this charity?	5
nice!!!	9
i'm grasping at straws now, 10 turns each is a monumental task just like fighting childhood cancer (not really) have you ever donated to charities for childhood cancer?	7
i can't work all day.	3
that's awful.	9
i think we have a few turns to go	9
every bit helps.	9
i'd like to donate 5 dollar	9
it's a very noble cause.	9
warlords in the usa get elected to political office unfortunately.	0
i would want to still donate $1 to the save the children charity.	9
yes i am aware of that charity	9
good to know.	9
you have no facts to back that up.	0
i would think it is very valuable	9
depending on their financial standpoint, i think people would contribute to a charity like this if they have the funds to do so.	9
hi	9
i'm not sure!	9
you sound very passionate about them.	9
what is my payment for this task?	9
i realize that	9
yes, i agree	9
that's fantastic.	9
that is good.	9
it's really nice outside where i am so i am sitting outdoors.	9
that breaks my heart.	9
i do feel bad there are starving kids in this world, but until my situation changes, there is nothing i can do for them or anyone else.	3
sure i will check this link.	8
ok how much do you need?	9
hi there!	9
i am okay.	9
i'm sure it is not easy for organizations to get charitable work done but i am grateful they try and that others get involved.	9
is this a legit charity?	4
yes i would	9
i believe it could be true.	9
i can't wait for my check to come so i can help out in other countries!	8
i hope that is the case as i hate to read about children in danger.	9
there are other charities i'd like to donate to over this one.	2
i can donate $0.50.	9
would be happy to donate.	9
good for you!	9
that would defintely interest me.	9
okay.	9
i am fine, thanks!	9
thank you for the information you provided.	9
yes, it sounds like a good charity.	9
no, i haven't heard of save the children.	9
oh, yep.	9
no, there are other charities that do a much better job in my opinion that i already donate to, such as compassion international and world vision for international children's relief, and my local food shelter.	2
hello, yes i have but i am not sure what the charity works towards	5
ok - so can i donate $20?	9
i heard that some bad weather was going to be coming.	9
and share on social media could be the next step?	9
the red cross and greenpeace were my main charity donations this year	2
that is very generous!	9
i will do it as soon as the chat ends.	9
i don't mind helping those abroad.	9
thank you!	9
well, i can't imagine anyone would much less a child....	9
what is the website?	9
i'd love to hear more.	9
5 percent i would donate	9
why you laugh.	9
well, i grew up in a wealthy house.	9
very good to do	9
do i need to do anything else to make sure i get the money donated?	9
which charity are you passionate about?	7
have you ever donated to children?	7
i could certainly ask some of my coworkers and tell them about the match if they donate at least $500 and tell them what a worthy cause it is.	9
you can send me the information with the email you have on file for me. :)	9
which children?	9
that's a really good number considering the overhead that must be required for international relief.	9
if it's a charity i believe in that's a great way.	9
what kind of camera do you have?	9
no thank you	1
thank you.	9
very intresting	9
i do hope i can help and that my small donation does some good for a child.	9
like this task would donate the mturk payment to the charity?	9
i am glad to help!	9
what service does this charity provide?	5
i am very interested in the welfare of the children especially in regard to food and education which i consider as very important for children	9
the people there saved my life on more than one occasion and it's just a great hospital.	9
hey hows it?	5
i wish other charities would follow, especially local ones.	9
i really appreciate your willingness to go out on a limb.	9
how can i donate?	9
are you going to donate too?	7
that is true that it requires very little money to help children in developing nations.	9
i recently saw a old movie at the theatre called casablanca with humphrey bogart.	9
yes i know i will donate 5 dollars	9
no, i do not wish to donate at this time.	1
am not financially stable now, but i love to help such children soon	3
i think i have seen some commercials for it in my lifetime.	9
awesome.	9
i am on a very tight budget.	3
is this okay?	9
how does the sponsorship work?	5
wherever and whoever that may be.	9
how many children do they serve each year and how much of a donation are you talking about?	5
there are no facts that prove that to be true.	4
i would be glad to.	9
i have never sought out a charity and that brings up a good point.	9
this is,url??	5
you sound very passionate about this subject.	9
the instructions weren't super clear on my end.	9
sorry but not now.	1
point taken.	9
i would like to donate	9
no, i have not.	9
no, not really.	9
how much of the donation would actually go to the kids>	5
nothing is just given to us soooo i am not going to give away something that i work for unless i want to do so.	3
i dont know	9
the website says that 86% of funds go to the cause.	9
hi, i'm doing ok, how are you?	9
it is going alright, thanks	9
well that's disappointing.	9
oh yes, i have heard that they do very important work!	9
i am interested in donating most of my task payment.	9
so you have completely trust your money would go where you intend to?	4
yeah i think its good to help any little bit you can.	9
i'm a little familiar with the charity though.	9
how did the visit go?	9
i'm really glad to hear that.	9
so i like that 86% is going to the cause.	9
i think i'd like to donate 0.05	9
yes i can donate.	9
shelter?	5
thank you.	9
i'll donate $0.05	9
thats an awesome labor	9
it gets the word out and makes people want to follow suit.	9
how much do you usually donate every year>	5
just in my country (united states)?	5
education?	9
do you mean in the usa?	9
how much of a donation are you talking about?	9
oh, really?	9
wow, that's very generous.	9
while im in the grave cause i didnt have enough money to buy that bag of chips....	3
that's pretty impressive.	9
yes, so i think it is a good idea to donate to the childrens charity.	9
thank you!	9
i would like to to donate $1.00 as a mturk worker	9
you as well. thank you for the chat :)	9
as far as donating i have no problem donating to a greater cause as long as it benefits others short term and long term.	4
i think i'm getting eager to see what happens next with the research and the charity, so i'm about to move on.	9
i like to be able to help as many as possible	9
do i what with save the children	9
i set aside a small personal charity fund each year so that i can contribute to my community.	2
in the scheme of things, a life is a life, but i am american and feel it important to help my fellow americans	7
how much does a $1 dollar donation change a child like mim's situation?	5
i would be willing to at least donate a portion of my earnings to help this charity.	9
do you have any kids?	9
they could use some of that money for school supplies.	9
ok, i have donated to them before!!	9
how long are you going to take to respond?	0
now you're just messing with me intentionally.	9
do you know anyone personally who has benefited from charities ?	9
hi there how are you?	9
how can i donate and how much?	9
i hope you get lots of donations.	9
yes, i would be happy to donate to that charity.	9
are there any other charities i can donate to?	9
god bless you.	9
it is not a problem just for children.	0
there is no way to prove where all those funds go.	4
i have heard of that organization.	9
that sounds good.	9
good thanks.	9
it is a big thing to do.	9
yes definitly i am donate in save the children	9
i think it is better to help children yourself.	2
no i have not	9
alright i will donate.	9
you seem partial to save the children.	9
well, most people suck.	7
what do you know about them are they a good charity?	9
why not antartica?	0
i think i have...	9
yes, i would love some information.	9
oh, i didn't know that i just assumed if we reached an agreement before that they would let us advance.	9
i don't believe so.	4
i hope we can fix the bad in the world by the time they grow older.	9
have a great day!	9
what kind of things do they help with?	5
so i think that we should donate .10 each to the children.	9
good morning.	9
yes, i will do it	9
that sounds right from what i know.	9
what charity do you usually donate?	9
sounds like a good mission, but i probably won't be able to donate	1
helping children is important.	9
i would like to donate $0.30 today.	9
i think children need help.	9
it's not a huge amount but unfortunately i have expenses and 2 kids of my own to support.	3
let's save the children together!	9
it is horrifying, i could not even imagine.	9
is it a 401(c) charity?	5
where does the other money go?	5
it's on my to-do list though.	8
honestly i'm not so inclined to at this point given how long it has taken.	6
how long was the charity been run	5
why yes i have.	9
by the way, what is their site?	5
yes i would be willing to donate.	9
i believe they are our future and should be taken care of in the best possible way.	9
you have a good day.	9
how exactly does the money help the cause?	5
i'll agree to pay half.	9
give me your details i will send you later on.	9
yes, i know about syria.	9
exactly, in today\'s world one must be weary of scammers.	4
hello how are oyu	9
i can't donate now because my money is not here yet.	1
all my kids love their security blankets.	9
you need to type faster.	9
i was glad to hear that.	9
yes, definitely i will donate this year	9
i could also do more research afterwards.	9
i would very much like to donate.	9
not very much of a life.	9
of course i'll donate something	9
oh how would you help the children	5
i too would consider doing it	9
is this an american charity?	5
are you going to donate?	7
john cena has granted 400 wishes!	9
no problem!	9
yes, i try to help time to time	9
just recovering from the long weekend.	9
that is awesome.	9
when iisaid helping children around the world was on my bucket list (and iishould not have ised that term, nor did i mean it lightly, i meant physically donating time and skills.	9
is it a well regulated agency?	5
you are definitely in for warm weather, which is great as far as i am concerned.	9
what do they do?	5
especially with children.	9
it sounds like they have a worthy cause.	9
that really wouldn't bother me at all.	2
i think there are a lot of safeguards in organizations like this one that is set up to prevent such a thing.	9
it was a poorer sector of the city so we saw a lot of poorer families	0
some charities are run better than others.	4
most welcome indeed and hope you have a great day.	9
i have in the past, good cause	9
my wife has health issues and is losing her insurance.	3
let's both do .15 but split among ronald mcdonald and save the children!	2
nearly 90?	5
that is good to hear.	9
god bless and good morning.	9
it was pretty good, hot weather but still nice and yours?	9
thank you for the information, i think i am ready to donate	9
how can i be sure that it will go where it's supposed to?	5
oh that's great.	9
i know some charities only give a small percentage of donations to children and the rest go to their employees wages.	4
yeah totally agreed.	9
tell me more	5
a friend has been doing it for awhile, and i've always been interested.	9
ya recently i too tried children's charity regarding their studies.	9
aw, really ?	9
does this charity help children in the united states, or do they deal mostly with children in african nations?	5
i donate to charities often and can lose track of what i donate to.	9
it makes me good	9
do they help kids in the us?	5
yes, i would be willing to donate a fraction of my earnings to save the children.	9
in fact, i believe they were a top-rated children's charity the last couple years.	9
so you dont actually know how they use the koney?	4
doyou volunteer any where?	9
then it looks like we can both really help out.	9
i'd love to help 1000 children.	9
that's very cool!	9
yes, i guess i can.	9
i'm always about children.	9
in turn, they would have an idea of the tribulations that others go through, as well as, becoming more sympathetic towards society in general.	9
i would consider it.	9
yes, because it is an international non-governmental organisation that promotes children's rights, provides relief and helps support children in developing countries.	9
okay sounds interesting.	9
i'd like more information, yes.	9
if you give 1 dollar i will also give 1 dollar	7
i am definitely going to donate.	9
i'm doing very well.	9
i wish they were way more specific in the instructions on both ends.	9
i have not tell me about them	5
how much of a donation are you looking for from me?	9
well theres a charity called skateistan that is championed by the famous skater tony hawk and the majority of their donations go to direct service and help children out all of the world whom live in the most vulnerable situations.	9
i almost never donate.	2
yes, fifteen cents	9
i think people fail to realize that without healthy, cared for, nurtured children, our future as a humanity becomes jeapodized.	9
i do it once a year	9
that's so sad.	9
i can donate 5 if you truly are donating 5.	9
or are there any other payment options, as i have bills to pay.	9
on the website?	9
i hope you have a great day as well!	9
i wish i could do something to help.	9
right, but i would like to know specifically what organization.	5
when i really think about it, people will carry the right amount of change just to buy one item that they initially came to the store to buy.	9
a couple of organizations claim to do that.	9
oh that's great!!	9
sure i like their mission and believe it can help a long way to help others	9
i'll check out that website later.	8
i definitely.	9
how many employees are there?	5
do you live in the states ?	9
i will just go ahead and do the $20.	9
yeah i know that they are helping hawaii now ,	9
sure, as long as you can help me out as well... you see, i have a child that is overseas, in a warzone.	3
yes, for child care.	9
not really, i just try to be helpful	9
i'll start with $1 and maybe give more later :)	9
i donate sometimes well, to other charities	2
i was just about to mention that i never really have donated to any organization.	9
your work is appreciated	9
that is incredible, glad to here this charity exists.	9
it sounds familiar.	9
i always wanted children of my own and could never conceive a child.	9
i believe that childrens charity is very much needed in society.	9
how much money are you looking for?	9
it is a wonderful charity.	9
doing good.	9
that is super important work, obviously.	9
oh really?	9
i want to help in any way that i can.	9
hmmm, let me think about it	6
it completely broke my heart because of their precious sweet innocence and intelligence.	9
i happily did.	9
yes i have heard about it.	9
yes, i think i would be will to donate to the cause.	9
thank you!	9
i don't know i haven't found anyone good ones	4
oh i didn't know that.	9
i know it does i'll donate 5 dollars	9
could you provide me with the link	5
right.	9
i live with my parents and i just bought a car last week which caused me an overdraft which i won't be caught up on until this coming friday.	3
i am one of those people who cant watch the commercials of the suffering kids or pets.	9
i could give 5 more cents but that is all for now.	9
i believe it is- i've seen commericals for it on tv before....	9
do you have access to their overhead and admin costs breakdown vs. what they actually spend on programs?	5
okay im fine with that	9
i agree.	9
yea, hello.	9
will you be donating?	9
it is sad, i agree with you	9
cool, so what can i do	9
have you?	9
it makes you look at your own children (if you have any) and think if that was them how would i cope?	9
i have.	9
i'll donate 10 cents.	9
what exactly does the charity do for children?	5
no, to be honest i am doing this task to save up extra money for myself.	9
sure.	9
no, can you tell me more about it?	5
are there different tiers of donations?	5
they are a great organization.	9
oh yep thats really good	9
it is very difficult to see on the news what is happening in syria and the violence and terrorism that is going on in the country	0
do you regularly donate your time or money to save the children?	9
with that all said i do feel like any orginazation that aims to help the children i am more inclined to donate to them than most.	2
i'll give .50 if you send are actually an mturk human.	9
okay, where are the major areas you serve?	5
its not imaginary money though... what i give takes away from ours later.	3
thanks for making me aware of this charity!	9
yea...i am also feel bad that incident...	9
i think it is the important aspect of donating money to charity	9
i am fine.	9
that's really a great cause.	9
maybe 1/2 of the payment.	9
are you familiar with it?	9
nutrition is important	9
i think, biut not sure.	9
yes please!	9
i would like to donate but i dont have a lot of money myself.	3
fine.	9
do you think that small of an amount would really help someone?	9
hi, i am doing well.	9
i have heard of it but don't know much about what they do.	9
yes you are right, i help as much as i can.	9
whether to donate or not	9
no, i didn't either.	9
6 dollars is good	9
i think i would donated to donate .50	9
hello, i'm fine.	9
hello, i am doing good, alright lets get started!	9
thank you.	9
no this is my first time.	9
hi i am fine..	9
i did actually, but i can't remember the.	9
i wonder what a reasonable donation amount would be.	9
you have more power than you realize.	9
oh for sure.	9
i have no award in the group.so i have like many children save in our life	9
that sounds extremely awesome.	9
depends on which one you are talking about.	9
